"list"
******

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

List container image signatures in an image.


Usage
=====

   oci artifacts container image-signature list [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment.


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--compartment-id-in-subtree [boolean]

When set to true, the hierarchy of compartments is traversed and all
compartments and subcompartments in the tenancy are inspected
depending on the the setting of *accessLevel*. Default is false. Can
only be set to true when calling the API on the tenancy (root
compartment).

--display-name [text]

A filter to return only resources that match the given display name
exactly.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--image-digest [text]

The digest of the container image.

Example:

   sha256:e7d38b3517548a1c71e41bffe9c8ae6d6d29546ce46bf62159837aad072c90aa

--image-id [text]

A filter to return a container image summary only for the specified
container image OCID.

--kms-key-id [text]

The OCID of the kmsKeyVersionId used to sign the container image.

Example:

   ocid1.keyversion.oc1..exampleuniqueID

--kms-key-version-id [text]

The OCID of the kmsKeyVersionId used to sign the container image.

Example:

   ocid1.keyversion.oc1..exampleuniqueID

--limit [integer]

For list pagination. The maximum number of results per page, or items
to return in a paginated “List” call. For important details about how
pagination works, see List Pagination.

Example:

   50

--page [text]

For list pagination. The value of the *opc-next-page* response header
from the previous “List” call. For important details about how
pagination works, see List Pagination.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--repository-id [text]

A filter to return container images only for the specified container
repository OCID.

--repository-name [text]

A filter to return container images or container image signatures that
match the repository name.

Example:

   foo` or `foo*

--signing-algorithm [text]

The algorithm to be used for signing. These are the only supported
signing algorithms for container images.

Accepted values are:

   SHA_224_RSA_PKCS_PSS, SHA_256_RSA_PKCS_PSS, SHA_384_RSA_PKCS_PSS, SHA_512_RSA_PKCS_PSS

--sort-by [text]

The field to sort by. You can provide one sort order (*sortOrder*).
Default order for TIMECREATED is descending. Default order for
DISPLAYNAME is ascending. The DISPLAYNAME sort order is case
sensitive.

**Note:** In general, some “List” operations (for example,
*ListInstances*) let you optionally filter by availability domain if
the scope of the resource type is within a single availability domain.
If you call one of these “List” operations without specifying an
availability domain, the resources are grouped by availability domain,
then sorted.

Accepted values are:

   DISPLAYNAME, TIMECREATED

--sort-order [text]

The sort order to use, either ascending (*ASC*) or descending
(*DESC*). The DISPLAYNAME sort order is case sensitive.

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/artifacts/container/image-signature/list.html#cmdoption-compartment-id

       oci artifacts container image-signature list --compartment-id $compartment_id
