"sign-upload"
*************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Sign a container image metadata and upload the signature.


Usage
=====

   oci artifacts container image-signature sign-upload [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment in which the container repository exists.

--image-id [text]

The OCID of the container image.

--kms-key-id [text]

The OCID of the kmsKeyId used to sign the container image.

--kms-key-version-id [text]

The OCID of the kmsKeyVersionId used to sign the container image.

--signing-algorithm [text]

The algorithm to be used for signing. These are the only supported
signing algorithms for container images.

Accepted values are:

   SHA_224_RSA_PKCS_PSS, SHA_256_RSA_PKCS_PSS, SHA_384_RSA_PKCS_PSS, SHA_512_RSA_PKCS_PSS


Optional Parameters
===================

--description [text]

The optional text of your choice to describe the image. The
description is included as part of the signature, and is shown in the
Console. For example, –description “Image for UAT testing”

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--metadata [text]

The optional information of your choice about the image, in a valid
JSON format (alphanumeric characters only, with no whitespace or
escape characters). For example, –metadata “{“buildNumber”:”123”}”


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/artifacts/container/image-signature/sign-upload.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export image_id=<substitute-value-of-image_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/artifacts/container/image-signature/sign-upload.html#cmdoption-image-id
       export kms_key_id=<substitute-value-of-kms_key_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/artifacts/container/image-signature/sign-upload.html#cmdoption-kms-key-id
       export kms_key_version_id=<substitute-value-of-kms_key_version_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/artifacts/container/image-signature/sign-upload.html#cmdoption-kms-key-version-id
       export signing_algorithm=<substitute-value-of-signing_algorithm> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/artifacts/container/image-signature/sign-upload.html#cmdoption-signing-algorithm

       oci artifacts container image-signature sign-upload --compartment-id $compartment_id --image-id $image_id --kms-key-id $kms_key_id --kms-key-version-id $kms_key_version_id --signing-algorithm $signing_algorithm
