"list"
******

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Get a summary list of all DR plan executions for a DR protection
group.


Usage
=====

   oci disaster-recovery dr-plan-execution list [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--dr-protection-group-id [text]

The OCID of the DR protection group. Mandatory query param.

Example:

   ocid1.drprotectiongroup.oc1..uniqueID


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--display-name [text]

A filter to return only resources that match the given display name.

Example:

   MyResourceDisplayName

--dr-plan-execution-id [text]

The OCID of the DR plan execution.

Example:

   ocid1.drplanexecution.oc1..uniqueID

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--lifecycle-state [text]

A filter to return only DR plan executions that match the given
lifecycle state.

Accepted values are:

   ACCEPTED, CANCELED, CANCELING, DELETED, DELETING, FAILED, IN_PROGRESS, PAUSED, PAUSING, RESUMING, SUCCEEDED, WAITING

--limit [integer]

For list pagination. The maximum number of results per page, or items
to return in a paginated “List” call. 1 is the minimum, 1000 is the
maximum.

For important details about how pagination works, see List Pagination.

Example:

   100

--page [text]

For list pagination. The value of the *opc-next-page* response header
from the previous “List” call.

For important details about how pagination works, see List Pagination.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--sort-by [text]

The field to sort by. Only one sort order may be provided. Default
order for timeCreated is descending. Default order for displayName is
ascending. If no value is specified timeCreated is default.

Example:

   MyResourceDisplayName

Accepted values are:

   displayName, timeCreated

--sort-order [text]

The sort order to use, either ‘asc’ or ‘desc’.

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy and paste the following example into a JSON file, replacing the
example parameters with your own.

       oci disaster-recovery dr-protection-group create --generate-param-json-input log-location > log-location.json

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/disaster-recovery/dr-protection-group/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export display_name=<substitute-value-of-display_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/disaster-recovery/dr-protection-group/create.html#cmdoption-display-name

       dr_protection_group_id=$(oci disaster-recovery dr-protection-group create --compartment-id $compartment_id --display-name $display_name --log-location file://log-location.json --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci disaster-recovery dr-plan-execution list --dr-protection-group-id $dr_protection_group_id
