"list-applications"
*******************

* Description

* Usage

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Lists all the applications in a service catalog or a tenancy. If no
parameter is specified, all catalogs from all compartments in the
tenancy will be scanned for any type of content.


Usage
=====

   oci service-catalog application-summary list-applications [OPTIONS]


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The unique identifier for the compartment.

--display-name [text]

Exact match name filter.

--entity-id [text]

The unique identifier of the entity associated with service catalog.

--entity-type [text]

The type of the application in the service catalog.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--is-featured [boolean]

Indicates whether to show only featured resources. If this is set to
*false* or is omitted, then all resources will be returned.

--limit [integer]

How many records to return. Specify a value greater than zero and less
than or equal to 1000. The default is 30.

--package-type [text]

Name of the package type. If multiple package types are provided, then
any resource with one or more matching package types will be returned.

Accepted values are:

   STACK

--page [text]

The value of the *opc-next-page* response header from the previous
“List” call.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--pricing [text]

Name of the pricing type. If multiple pricing types are provided, then
any resource with one or more matching pricing models will be
returned.

Accepted values are:

   BYOL, FREE, PAYGO

--publisher-id [text]

Limit results to just this publisher.

--service-catalog-id [text]

The unique identifier for the service catalog.

--sort-order [text]

The sort order to apply, either *ASC* or *DESC*. Default is *ASC*.

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       oci service-catalog application-summary list-applications
