"create"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Creates a new OceInstance.


Usage
=====

   oci oce oce-instance create [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--admin-email [text]

Admin Email for Notification

--compartment-id, -c [text]

Compartment Identifier

--idcs-access-token [text]

Identity Cloud Service access token identifying a stripe and service
administrator user

--name [text]

OceInstance Name

--object-storage-namespace [text]

Object Storage Namespace of Tenancy

--tenancy-id [text]

Tenancy Identifier

--tenancy-name [text]

Tenancy Name


Optional Parameters
===================

--add-on-features [complex type]

a list of add-on features for the ocm instance This is a complex type
whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string
on the command line or passed in as a file using the
file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--defined-tags [complex type]

Usage of predefined tag keys. These predefined keys are scoped to
namespaces. Example: *{“foo-namespace”: {“bar-key”: “value”}}* This is
a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be
provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file using
the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--description [text]

OceInstance description

--dr-region [text]

disaster recovery paired ragion name

--freeform-tags [complex type]

Simple key-value pair that is applied without any predefined name,
type or scope. Exists for cross-compatibility only. Example: *{“bar-
key”: “value”}* This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON.
The value can be provided as a string on the command line or passed in
as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--identity-stripe [complex type]

Details of the identity stripe used for OceInstance, including name of
the Identity Cloud Service instance in my services to be used and
value of the Identity Cloud Service tenancy. Example: *{“serviceName”:
“secondstripe”; “tenancy”: “idcs-8416ebdd0d674f84803f4193cce026e9”}*
This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--instance-access-type [text]

Flag indicating whether the instance access is private or public

Accepted values are:

   PRIVATE, PUBLIC

--instance-license-type [text]

Flag indicating whether the instance license is new cloud or bring
your own license

Accepted values are:

   BYOL, NEW, PREMIUM, STARTER

--instance-usage-type [text]

Instance type based on its usage

Accepted values are:

   NONPRIMARY, PRIMARY

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the work request to reach the state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--upgrade-schedule [text]

Upgrade schedule type representing service to be upgraded immediately
whenever latest version is released or delay upgrade of the service to
previous released version

--waf-primary-domain [text]

Web Application Firewall(WAF) primary domain

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation asynchronously creates, modifies or deletes a resource
and uses a work request to track the progress of the operation.
Specify this option to perform the action and then wait until the work
request reaches a certain state. Multiple states can be specified,
returning on the first state. For example, "--wait-for-state"
SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on whichever
lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a return code
of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1 is returned.

Accepted values are:

   ACCEPTED, CANCELED, CANCELING, FAILED, IN_PROGRESS, SUCCEEDED

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the work request
has reached the state defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 30
seconds.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export admin_email=<substitute-value-of-admin_email> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/oce/oce-instance/create.html#cmdoption-admin-email
       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/oce/oce-instance/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export idcs_access_token=<substitute-value-of-idcs_access_token> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/oce/oce-instance/create.html#cmdoption-idcs-access-token
       export name=<substitute-value-of-name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/oce/oce-instance/create.html#cmdoption-name
       export object_storage_namespace=<substitute-value-of-object_storage_namespace> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/oce/oce-instance/create.html#cmdoption-object-storage-namespace
       export tenancy_id=<substitute-value-of-tenancy_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/oce/oce-instance/create.html#cmdoption-tenancy-id
       export tenancy_name=<substitute-value-of-tenancy_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/oce/oce-instance/create.html#cmdoption-tenancy-name

       oci oce oce-instance create --admin-email $admin_email --compartment-id $compartment_id --idcs-access-token $idcs_access_token --name $name --object-storage-namespace $object_storage_namespace --tenancy-id $tenancy_id --tenancy-name $tenancy_name
