"update"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Updates the Protected Database


Usage
=====

   oci recovery protected-database update [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--protected-database-id [text]

The protected database OCID.


Optional Parameters
===================

--database-size [text]

The size of the database is allowed to be decreased. XS - Less than
5GB, S - 5GB to 50GB, M - 50GB to 500GB, L - 500GB to 1TB, XL - 1TB to
5TB, XXL - Greater than 5TB.

Accepted values are:

   AUTO, L, M, S, XL, XS, XXL

--database-size-in-gbs [integer]

The size of the database, in gigabytes.

--defined-tags [complex type]

Defined tags for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a
namespace. Example: *{“foo-namespace”: {“bar-key”: “value”}}*. For
more information, see Resource Tags This is a complex type whose value
must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the
command line or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file
syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--display-name [text]

The protected database name. You can change the displayName. Avoid
entering confidential information.

--force

Perform update without prompting for confirmation.

--freeform-tags [complex type]

Simple key-value pair that is applied without any predefined name,
type or scope. Exists for cross-compatibility only. Example: *{“bar-
key”: “value”}* This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON.
The value can be provided as a string on the command line or passed in
as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--if-match [text]

For optimistic concurrency control. In the PUT or DELETE call for a
resource, set the *if-match* parameter to the value of the etag from a
previous GET or POST response for that resource. The resource will be
updated or deleted only if the etag you provide matches the resource’s
current etag value.

--is-redo-logs-shipped [boolean]

The value TRUE indicates that the protected database is configured to
use Real-time data protection, and redo-data is sent from the
protected database to Recovery Service. Real-time data protection
substantially reduces the window of potential data loss that exists
between successive archived redo log backups. For this to be
effective, additional configuration is needed on client side.

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the work request to reach the state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--password [text]

Password credential which can be used to connect to Protected
Database. It must contain at least 2 uppercase, 2 lowercase, 2 numeric
and 2 special characters. The special characters must be underscore
(_), number sign (#) or hyphen (-). The password must not contain the
username “admin”, regardless of casing. Password must not be same as
current passsword.

--protection-policy-id [text]

The OCID of the protection policy associated with the protected
database.

--recovery-service-subnets [complex type]

List of recovery service subnet resources associated with the
protected database.

This option is a JSON list with items of type
RecoveryServiceSubnetInput.  For documentation on
RecoveryServiceSubnetInput please see our API reference: https://docs
.cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/databaserecovery/20210216/datatypes/Recove
ryServiceSubnetInput. This is a complex type whose value must be valid
JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the command line or
passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation asynchronously creates, modifies or deletes a resource
and uses a work request to track the progress of the operation.
Specify this option to perform the action and then wait until the work
request reaches a certain state. Multiple states can be specified,
returning on the first state. For example, "--wait-for-state"
SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on whichever
lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a return code
of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1 is returned.

Accepted values are:

   ACCEPTED, CANCELED, CANCELING, FAILED, IN_PROGRESS, SUCCEEDED, WAITING

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the work request
has reached the state defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 30
seconds.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy and paste the following example into a JSON file, replacing the
example parameters with your own.

       oci recovery protected-database create --generate-param-json-input recovery-service-subnets > recovery-service-subnets.json

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export backup_retention_period_in_days=<substitute-value-of-backup_retention_period_in_days> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/recovery/protection-policy/create.html#cmdoption-backup-retention-period-in-days
       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/recovery/protection-policy/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export display_name=<substitute-value-of-display_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/recovery/protection-policy/create.html#cmdoption-display-name
       export db_unique_name=<substitute-value-of-db_unique_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/recovery/protected-database/create.html#cmdoption-db-unique-name
       export password=<substitute-value-of-password> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/recovery/protected-database/create.html#cmdoption-password

       protection_policy_id=$(oci recovery protection-policy create --backup-retention-period-in-days $backup_retention_period_in_days --compartment-id $compartment_id --display-name $display_name --query data.id --raw-output)

       protected_database_id=$(oci recovery protected-database create --compartment-id $compartment_id --db-unique-name $db_unique_name --display-name $display_name --password $password --protection-policy-id $protection_policy_id --recovery-service-subnets file://recovery-service-subnets.json --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci recovery protected-database update --protected-database-id $protected_database_id
