"list-masking-analytics"
************************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Gets consolidated masking analytics data based on the specified query
parameters. If CompartmentIdInSubtreeQueryParam is specified as true,
the behaviour is equivalent to accessLevel “ACCESSIBLE” by default.


Usage
=====

   oci data-safe masking-policy list-masking-analytics [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

A filter to return only resources that match the specified compartment
OCID.


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--compartment-id-in-subtree [boolean]

Default is false. When set to true, the hierarchy of compartments is
traversed and all compartments and subcompartments in the tenancy are
returned. Depends on the ‘accessLevel’ setting.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--group-by [text]

Attribute by which the masking analytics data should be grouped.

Accepted values are:

   policyId, targetId

--limit [integer]

For list pagination. The maximum number of items to return per page in
a paginated “List” call. For details about how pagination works, see
List Pagination.

--masking-policy-id [text]

A filter to return only the resources that match the specified masking
policy OCID.

--page [text]

For list pagination. The page token representing the page at which to
start retrieving results. It is usually retrieved from a previous
“List” call. For details about how pagination works, see List
Pagination.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--target-id [text]

A filter to return only items related to a specific target OCID.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/data-safe/masking-policy/list-masking-analytics.html#cmdoption-compartment-id

       oci data-safe masking-policy list-masking-analytics --compartment-id $compartment_id
