"read"
******

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Returns the summarized data for the given metric from the given
namespace.  The aggregation method depends on the metric. The metric
data can be filtered by providing the dimension, startTime or endTime.
The metric data in the response is sorted by dimension in ascending
order and then by sampleTime in ascending chronological order.


Usage
=====

   oci occ metric-data read [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment to use for authorization to read metrics.
To use the root compartment, provide the tenancyId.

--metric-name [text]

The name of a metric for retrieving aggregated data. For a list of
valid metrics for a given namespace, see List Metric Properties API.

--namespace-name [text]

The source service or application to use when searching for metric
data points to aggregate. For a list of valid namespaces, see List
Namespaces API.


Optional Parameters
===================

--dimensions [complex type]

Qualifiers to use when searching for metric data. For a list of valid
dimensions for a given metric, see List Metric Properties API.

This option is a JSON dictionary of type dict(str, DimensionValue).
For documentation on DimensionValue please see our API reference: htt
ps://docs.cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/occmetrics/20230515/datatypes/Dim
ensionValue. This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON.
The value can be provided as a string on the command line or passed in
as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--end-time [datetime]

The end of the sampled time range to use when searching for metric
data points. Format is defined by <a href=”https://www.rfc-
editor.org/rfc/rfc3339”>RFC3339</a>. The response excludes metric data
points for sampled time. Example 2019-02-01T02:02:29.600Z

   The following datetime formats are supported:


UTC with microseconds
---------------------

   Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.ssssssTZD
   Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00.123456Z

   UTC with milliseconds
   ***********************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.sssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00.123Z

   UTC without milliseconds
   **************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00Z

   UTC with minute precision
   **************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mmTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T20:30Z


Timezone with microseconds
--------------------------

   Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
   Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456789-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456789-0800

   Timezone with milliseconds
   ***************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456-0800

   Timezone without milliseconds
   *******************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00-0800

   Timezone with minute precision
   *******************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mmTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T12:30-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30-0800

   Short date and time
   ********************
   The timezone for this date and time will be taken as UTC (Needs to be surrounded by single or double quotes)

   .. code::

       Format: 'YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm' or "YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm"
       Example: '2017-09-15 17:25'

   Date Only
   **********
   This date will be taken as midnight UTC of that day

   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DD
       Example: 2017-09-15

   Epoch seconds
   **************
   .. code::

       Example: 1412195400

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--limit [integer]

For list pagination. The maximum number of results per page, or items
to return in a paginated “List” call.

--page [text]

For list pagination. The value of the *opc-next-page* response header
from the previous “List” call. For important details about how
pagination works, see <a href=”https://docs.oracle.com/iaas/Content/A
PI/Concepts/usingapi.htm#nine”>List Pagination</a>.

--start-time [datetime]

The beginning of the sampled time range to use when searching for
metric data points. Format is defined by <a href=”https://www.rfc-
editor.org/rfc/rfc3339”>RFC3339</a>. The response includes metric data
points for the sampled time. Example 2019-02-01T02:02:29.600Z

   The following datetime formats are supported:


UTC with microseconds
---------------------

   Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.ssssssTZD
   Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00.123456Z

   UTC with milliseconds
   ***********************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.sssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00.123Z

   UTC without milliseconds
   **************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00Z

   UTC with minute precision
   **************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mmTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T20:30Z


Timezone with microseconds
--------------------------

   Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
   Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456789-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456789-0800

   Timezone with milliseconds
   ***************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456-0800

   Timezone without milliseconds
   *******************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00-0800

   Timezone with minute precision
   *******************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mmTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T12:30-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30-0800

   Short date and time
   ********************
   The timezone for this date and time will be taken as UTC (Needs to be surrounded by single or double quotes)

   .. code::

       Format: 'YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm' or "YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm"
       Example: '2017-09-15 17:25'

   Date Only
   **********
   This date will be taken as midnight UTC of that day

   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DD
       Example: 2017-09-15

   Epoch seconds
   **************
   .. code::

       Example: 1412195400


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/occ/metric-data/read.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export metric_name=<substitute-value-of-metric_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/occ/metric-data/read.html#cmdoption-metric-name
       export namespace_name=<substitute-value-of-namespace_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/occ/metric-data/read.html#cmdoption-namespace-name

       oci occ metric-data read --compartment-id $compartment_id --metric-name $metric_name --namespace-name $namespace_name
