"list"
******

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Lists the packages in the specified publication.


Usage
=====

   oci marketplace publication-package list [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--publication-id [text]

The unique identifier for the publication.


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--limit [integer]

How many records to return. Specify a value greater than zero and less
than or equal to 1000. The default is 30.

--package-type [text]

A filter to return only packages that match the given package type
exactly.

--package-version [text]

The version of the package. Package versions are unique within a
listing.

--page [text]

The value of the *opc-next-page* response header from the previous
“List” call.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--sort-by [text]

The field to use to sort listed results. You can only specify one
field to sort by. *TIMERELEASED* displays results in descending order
by default. You can change your preference by specifying a different
sort order.

Accepted values are:

   TIMERELEASED

--sort-order [text]

The sort order to use, either *ASC* or *DESC*.

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy and paste the following example into a JSON file, replacing the
example parameters with your own.

       oci marketplace publication create --generate-param-json-input package-details > package-details.json
       oci marketplace publication create --generate-param-json-input support-contacts > support-contacts.json

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/marketplace/publication/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export is_agreement_acknowledged=<substitute-value-of-is_agreement_acknowledged> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/marketplace/publication/create.html#cmdoption-is-agreement-acknowledged
       export listing_type=<substitute-value-of-listing_type> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/marketplace/publication/create.html#cmdoption-listing-type
       export name=<substitute-value-of-name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/marketplace/publication/create.html#cmdoption-name
       export short_description=<substitute-value-of-short_description> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/marketplace/publication/create.html#cmdoption-short-description

       publication_id=$(oci marketplace publication create --compartment-id $compartment_id --is-agreement-acknowledged $is_agreement_acknowledged --listing-type $listing_type --name $name --package-details file://package-details.json --short-description $short_description --support-contacts file://support-contacts.json --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci marketplace publication-package list --publication-id $publication_id
