"update-base64"
***************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Updates the properties of a secret. Specifically, you can update the
version number of the secret to make that version number the current
version. You can also update a secret’s description, its free-form or
defined tags, rules and the secret contents. Updating the secret
content automatically creates a new secret version. You cannot,
however, update the current secret version number, secret contents,
and secret rules at the same time. Furthermore, the secret must in an
*ACTIVE* lifecycle state to be updated.

This operation is not supported by the Oracle Cloud Infrastructure
Terraform Provider.


Usage
=====

   oci vault secret update-base64 [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--secret-id [text]

The OCID of the secret.


Optional Parameters
===================

--current-version-number [integer]

Details to update the secret version of the specified secret. The
secret contents, version number, and rules can’t be specified at the
same time. Updating the secret contents automatically creates a new
secret version.

--defined-tags [complex type]

Defined tags for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a
namespace. For more information, see Resource Tags. Example:
*{“Operations”: {“CostCenter”: “42”}}* This is a complex type whose
value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the
command line or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file
syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--description [text]

A brief description of the secret. Avoid entering confidential
information.

--enable-auto-generation [boolean]

The value of this flag determines whether or not secret content will
be generated automatically.

--force

Perform update without prompting for confirmation.

--freeform-tags [complex type]

Free-form tags for this resource. Each tag is a simple key-value pair
with no predefined name, type, or namespace. For more information, see
Resource Tags. Example: *{“Department”: “Finance”}* This is a complex
type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a
string on the command line or passed in as a file using the
file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--if-match [text]

For optimistic concurrency control. In the PUT or DELETE call for a
resource, set the *if-match* parameter to the value of the etag from a
previous GET or POST response for that resource. The resource will be
updated or deleted only if the etag you provide matches the resource’s
current etag value.

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the resource to reach the lifecycle state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--metadata [complex type]

Additional metadata that you can use to provide context about how to
use the secret or during rotation or other administrative tasks. For
example, for a secret that you use to connect to a database, the
additional metadata might specify the connection endpoint and the
connection string. Provide additional metadata as key-value pairs.
This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--rotation-config [complex type]

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--secret-content-content [text]

The base64-encoded content of the secret.

--secret-content-name [text]

Names should be unique within a secret. Valid characters are uppercase
or lowercase letters, numbers, hyphens, underscores, and periods.

--secret-content-stage [text]

The rotation state of the secret content. The default is *CURRENT*,
meaning that the secret is currently in use. A secret version that you
mark as *PENDING* is staged and available for use, but you don’t yet
want to rotate it into current, active use. For example, you might
create or update a secret and mark its rotation state as *PENDING* if
you haven’t yet updated the secret on the target system. When creating
a secret, only the value *CURRENT* is applicable, although the value
*LATEST* is also automatically applied. When updating a secret, you
can specify a version’s rotation state as either *CURRENT* or
*PENDING*.

Accepted values are:

   CURRENT, PENDING

--secret-generation-context [complex type]

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--secret-rules [complex type]

A list of rules to control how the secret is used and managed.

This option is a JSON list with items of type SecretRule.  For
documentation on SecretRule please see our API reference: https://doc
s.cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/vaults/20180608/datatypes/SecretRule. This
is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be
provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file using
the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation creates, modifies or deletes a resource that has a
defined lifecycle state. Specify this option to perform the action and
then wait until the resource reaches a given lifecycle state. Multiple
states can be specified, returning on the first state. For example, "
--wait-for-state" SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on
whichever lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a
return code of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1
is returned.

Accepted values are:

   ACTIVE, CANCELLING_DELETION, CREATING, DELETED, DELETING, FAILED, PENDING_DELETION, SCHEDULING_DELETION, UPDATING

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the resource has
reached the lifecycle state defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to
30 seconds.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/vault/secret/create-base64.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export key_id=<substitute-value-of-key_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/vault/secret/create-base64.html#cmdoption-key-id
       export secret_content_content=<substitute-value-of-secret_content_content> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/vault/secret/create-base64.html#cmdoption-secret-content-content
       export secret_name=<substitute-value-of-secret_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/vault/secret/create-base64.html#cmdoption-secret-name
       export vault_id=<substitute-value-of-vault_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/vault/secret/create-base64.html#cmdoption-vault-id

       secret_id=$(oci vault secret create-base64 --compartment-id $compartment_id --key-id $key_id --key-id $key_id --secret-content-content $secret_content_content --secret-content-content $secret_content_content --secret-name $secret_name --vault-id $vault_id --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci vault secret update-base64 --secret-id $secret_id
