"change-compartment"
********************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Moves an instance configuration into a different compartment within
the same tenancy. For information about moving resources between
compartments, see Moving Resources to a Different Compartment.

When you move an instance configuration to a different compartment,
associated resources such as instance pools are not moved.

**Important:** Most of the properties for an existing instance
configuration, including the compartment, cannot be modified after you
create the instance configuration. Although you can move an instance
configuration to a different compartment, you will not be able to use
the instance configuration to manage instance pools in the new
compartment. If you want to update an instance configuration to point
to a different compartment, you should instead create a new instance
configuration in the target compartment using
CreateInstanceConfiguration.


Usage
=====

   oci compute-management instance-configuration change-compartment [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment to move the instance configuration to.

--instance-configuration-id [text]

The OCID of the instance configuration.


Optional Parameters
===================

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--if-match [text]

For optimistic concurrency control. In the PUT or DELETE call for a
resource, set the *if-match* parameter to the value of the etag from a
previous GET or POST response for that resource. The resource will be
updated or deleted only if the etag you provide matches the resource’s
current etag value.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy and paste the following example into a JSON file, replacing the
example parameters with your own.

       oci compute-management instance-configuration create --generate-param-json-input instance-details > instance-details.json

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/compute-management/instance-configuration/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id

       instance_configuration_id=$(oci compute-management instance-configuration create --compartment-id $compartment_id --instance-details file://instance-details.json --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci compute-management instance-configuration change-compartment --compartment-id $compartment_id --instance-configuration-id $instance_configuration_id
