"create"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Adds a listener to a network load balancer.


Usage
=====

   oci nlb listener create [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--default-backend-set-name [text]

The name of the associated backend set.

Example:

   example_backend_set

--name [text]

A friendly name for the listener. It must be unique and it cannot be
changed.

Example:

   example_listener

--network-load-balancer-id [text]

The OCID of the network load balancer to update.

--port [integer]

The communication port for the listener.

Example:

   80

--protocol [text]

The protocol on which the listener accepts connection requests. For
public network load balancers, ANY protocol refers to TCP/UDP with the
wildcard port. For private network load balancers, ANY protocol refers
to TCP/UDP/ICMP (note that ICMP requires isPreserveSourceDestination
to be set to true). “ListNetworkLoadBalancersProtocols” API is
deprecated and it will not return the updated values. Use the allowed
values for the protocol instead.

Example:

   TCP

Accepted values are:

   ANY, L3IP, TCP, TCP_AND_UDP, UDP


Optional Parameters
===================

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--if-match [text]

For optimistic concurrency control. In the PUT or DELETE call for a
resource, set the *if-match* parameter to the value of the etag from a
previous GET or POST response for that resource. The resource will be
updated or deleted only if the etag you provide matches the current
etag value of the resource.

--ip-version [text]

IP version associated with the listener.

Accepted values are:

   IPV4, IPV6

--is-ppv2-enabled [boolean]

Property to enable/disable PPv2 feature for this listener.

--l3-ip-idle-timeout [integer]

The duration for L3IP idle timeout in seconds. Example: *200*

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the work request to reach the state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--tcp-idle-timeout [integer]

The duration for TCP idle timeout in seconds. Example: *300*

--udp-idle-timeout [integer]

The duration for UDP idle timeout in seconds. Example: *120*

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation asynchronously creates, modifies or deletes a resource
and uses a work request to track the progress of the operation.
Specify this option to perform the action and then wait until the work
request reaches a certain state. Multiple states can be specified,
returning on the first state. For example, "--wait-for-state"
SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on whichever
lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a return code
of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1 is returned.

Accepted values are:

   ACCEPTED, CANCELED, CANCELING, FAILED, IN_PROGRESS, SUCCEEDED

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the work request
has reached the state defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 30
seconds.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/nlb/network-load-balancer/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export display_name=<substitute-value-of-display_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/nlb/network-load-balancer/create.html#cmdoption-display-name
       export subnet_id=<substitute-value-of-subnet_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/nlb/network-load-balancer/create.html#cmdoption-subnet-id
       export default_backend_set_name=<substitute-value-of-default_backend_set_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/nlb/listener/create.html#cmdoption-default-backend-set-name
       export port=<substitute-value-of-port> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/nlb/listener/create.html#cmdoption-port
       export protocol=<substitute-value-of-protocol> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/nlb/listener/create.html#cmdoption-protocol

       network_load_balancer_id=$(oci nlb network-load-balancer create --compartment-id $compartment_id --display-name $display_name --subnet-id $subnet_id --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci nlb listener create --default-backend-set-name $default_backend_set_name --name $name --network-load-balancer-id $network_load_balancer_id --port $port --protocol $protocol
