"change-spb-attr-with-password"
*******************************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Changes one or more attributes of a single plan or all plans
associated with a SQL statement.


Usage
=====

   oci database-management managed-database change-spb-attr-with-password [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--managed-database-id [text]

The OCID of the Managed Database.

--password [text]

The database user’s password encoded using BASE64 scheme.

--role [text]

The role of the database user.

Accepted values are:

   NORMAL, SYSDBA

--username [text]

The user name used to connect to the database.


Optional Parameters
===================

--database-credential [complex type]

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--is-auto-purged [boolean]

Indicates whether the plan is purged if it is not used for a time
period.

--is-enabled [boolean]

Indicates whether the plan is available for use by the optimizer.

--is-fixed [boolean]

Indicates whether the plan baseline is fixed. A fixed plan takes
precedence over a non-fixed plan.

--plan-name [text]

Then plan name. It identifies a specific plan. If >>`<<null’ then all
plans associated with a SQL statement identified by >>`<<sqlHandle’
are considered for attribute changes.

--sql-handle [text]

The SQL statement handle. It identifies plans associated with a SQL
statement for attribute changes. If *null* then *planName* must be
specified.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export managed_database_id=<substitute-value-of-managed_database_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/database-management/managed-database/change-spb-attr-with-password.html#cmdoption-managed-database-id
       export password=<substitute-value-of-password> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/database-management/managed-database/change-spb-attr-with-password.html#cmdoption-password
       export role=<substitute-value-of-role> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/database-management/managed-database/change-spb-attr-with-password.html#cmdoption-role
       export username=<substitute-value-of-username> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/database-management/managed-database/change-spb-attr-with-password.html#cmdoption-username

       oci database-management managed-database change-spb-attr-with-password --managed-database-id $managed_database_id --password $password --role $role --username $username
