"list-optimizer-statistics-advisor-executions"
**********************************************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Lists the details of the Optimizer Statistics Advisor task executions,
such as their duration, and the number of findings, if any.
Optionally, you can specify a date-time range (of seven days) to
obtain the list of executions that fall within the specified time
range. If the date-time range is not specified, then the executions in
the last seven days are listed.


Usage
=====

   oci database-management managed-database list-optimizer-statistics-advisor-executions [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--managed-database-id [text]

The OCID of the Managed Database.


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results.

--end-time-less-than-or-equal-to [text]

The end time of the time range to retrieve the optimizer statistics of
a Managed Database in UTC in ISO-8601 format, which is “yyyy-MM-
dd’T’hh:mm:ss.sss’Z’”.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--opc-named-credential-id [text]

The OCID of the Named Credential.

--start-time-greater-than-or-equal-to [text]

The start time of the time range to retrieve the optimizer statistics
of a Managed Database in UTC in ISO-8601 format, which is “yyyy-MM-
dd’T’hh:mm:ss.sss’Z’”.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export managed_database_id=<substitute-value-of-managed_database_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/database-management/managed-database/list-optimizer-statistics-advisor-executions.html#cmdoption-managed-database-id

       oci database-management managed-database list-optimizer-statistics-advisor-executions --managed-database-id $managed_database_id
