"list-optimizer-statistics-collection-operations"
*************************************************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Lists the Optimizer Statistics Collection (Auto and Manual) task
operation summary for the specified Managed Database. The summary
includes the details of each operation and the number of tasks grouped
by status: Completed, In Progress, Failed, and so on. Optionally, you
can specify a date-time range (of seven days) to obtain the list of
operations that fall within the specified time range. If the date-time
range is not specified, then the operations in the last seven days are
listed. This API also enables the pagination of results and the opc-
next-page response header indicates whether there is a next page. If
you use the same header value in a consecutive request, the next page
records are returned. To obtain the required results, you can apply
the different types of filters supported by this API.


Usage
=====

   oci database-management managed-database list-optimizer-statistics-collection-operations [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--managed-database-id [text]

The OCID of the Managed Database.


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--end-time-less-than-or-equal-to [text]

The end time of the time range to retrieve the optimizer statistics of
a Managed Database in UTC in ISO-8601 format, which is “yyyy-MM-
dd’T’hh:mm:ss.sss’Z’”.

--filter-by [text]

The parameter used to filter the optimizer statistics operations. Any
property of the OptimizerStatisticsCollectionOperationSummary can be
used to define the filter condition. The allowed conditional operators
are AND or OR, and the allowed binary operators are are >, < and =.
Any other operator is regarded invalid. Example: jobName=<replace with
job name> AND status=<replace with status>

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--limit [integer]

The maximum number of records returned in the paginated response.

--opc-named-credential-id [text]

The OCID of the Named Credential.

--page [text]

The page token representing the page from where the next set of
paginated results are retrieved. This is usually retrieved from a
previous list call.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--sort-by [text]

Sorts the list of optimizer statistics operations based on a specific
attribute.

Accepted values are:

   END_TIME, START_TIME, STATUS

--sort-order [text]

The option to sort information in ascending (‘ASC’) or descending
(‘DESC’) order. Ascending order is the default order.

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC

--start-time-greater-than-or-equal-to [text]

The start time of the time range to retrieve the optimizer statistics
of a Managed Database in UTC in ISO-8601 format, which is “yyyy-MM-
dd’T’hh:mm:ss.sss’Z’”.

--task-type [text]

The filter types of the optimizer statistics tasks.

Accepted values are:

   ALL, AUTO, MANUAL


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export managed_database_id=<substitute-value-of-managed_database_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/database-management/managed-database/list-optimizer-statistics-collection-operations.html#cmdoption-managed-database-id

       oci database-management managed-database list-optimizer-statistics-collection-operations --managed-database-id $managed_database_id
