"summarize-awr-db-parameters"
*****************************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Summarizes the database parameter history for the specified database
in AWR. This includes the list of database parameters, with
information on whether the parameter values were modified within the
query time range. Note that each database parameter is only listed
once. Depending on the optional query parameters, the returned summary
gets all the database parameters, which include:

* Each parameter whose value was changed during the time range:
  (valueChanged =”Y”) - Each parameter whose value was unchanged
  during the time range:  (valueChanged =”N”) - Each parameter whose
  value was changed at the system level during the time range:
  (valueChanged =”Y”  and valueModified = “SYSTEM_MOD”) - Each
  parameter whose value was unchanged during the time range, however,
  the value is not the default value: (valueChanged =”N” and
  valueDefault = “FALSE”)

Note that this API does not return information on the number of times
each database parameter has been changed within the time range. To get
the database parameter value change history for a specific parameter,
use the following API endpoint: /managedDatabases/{managedDatabaseId}
/awrDbs/{awrDbId}/awrDbParameterChanges


Usage
=====

   oci database-management managed-database summarize-awr-db-parameters [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--awr-db-id [text]

The parameter to filter the database by internal ID. Note that the
internal ID of the database can be retrieved from the following
endpoint: /managedDatabases/{managedDatabaseId}/awrDbs

--managed-database-id [text]

The OCID of the Managed Database.


Optional Parameters
===================

--begin-sn-id-greater-than-or-equal-to [integer]

The optional greater than or equal to filter on the snapshot ID.

--container-id [integer]

The optional query parameter to filter the database container by an
exact ID value. Note that the database container ID can be retrieved
from the following endpoint:
/managedDatabases/{managedDatabaseId}/awrDbSnapshotRanges

--end-sn-id-less-than-or-equal-to [integer]

The optional less than or equal to query parameter to filter the
snapshot ID.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--inst-num [text]

The optional single value query parameter to filter the database
instance number.

--limit [integer]

The maximum number of records returned in large paginated response.

--name [text]

The optional multiple value query parameter to filter the entity name.

--name-contains [text]

The optional contains query parameter to filter the entity name by any
part of the name.

--opc-named-credential-id [text]

The OCID of the Named Credential.

--page [text]

The page token representing the page from where the next set of
paginated results are retrieved. This is usually retrieved from a
previous list call.

--sort-by [text]

The option to sort the AWR database parameter change history data.

Accepted values are:

   IS_CHANGED, NAME

--sort-order [text]

The option to sort information in ascending (‘ASC’) or descending
(‘DESC’) order. Descending order is the default order.

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC

--time-greater-than-or-equal-to [datetime]

The optional greater than or equal to query parameter to filter the
timestamp.

   The following datetime formats are supported:


UTC with microseconds
---------------------

   Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.ssssssTZD
   Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00.123456Z

   UTC with milliseconds
   ***********************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.sssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00.123Z

   UTC without milliseconds
   **************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00Z

   UTC with minute precision
   **************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mmTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T20:30Z


Timezone with microseconds
--------------------------

   Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
   Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456789-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456789-0800

   Timezone with milliseconds
   ***************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456-0800

   Timezone without milliseconds
   *******************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00-0800

   Timezone with minute precision
   *******************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mmTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T12:30-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30-0800

   Short date and time
   ********************
   The timezone for this date and time will be taken as UTC (Needs to be surrounded by single or double quotes)

   .. code::

       Format: 'YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm' or "YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm"
       Example: '2017-09-15 17:25'

   Date Only
   **********
   This date will be taken as midnight UTC of that day

   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DD
       Example: 2017-09-15

   Epoch seconds
   **************
   .. code::

       Example: 1412195400

--time-less-than-or-equal-to [datetime]

The optional less than or equal to query parameter to filter the
timestamp.

   The following datetime formats are supported:


UTC with microseconds
---------------------

   Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.ssssssTZD
   Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00.123456Z

   UTC with milliseconds
   ***********************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.sssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00.123Z

   UTC without milliseconds
   **************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00Z

   UTC with minute precision
   **************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mmTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T20:30Z


Timezone with microseconds
--------------------------

   Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
   Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456789-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456789-0800

   Timezone with milliseconds
   ***************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456-0800

   Timezone without milliseconds
   *******************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00-0800

   Timezone with minute precision
   *******************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mmTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T12:30-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30-0800

   Short date and time
   ********************
   The timezone for this date and time will be taken as UTC (Needs to be surrounded by single or double quotes)

   .. code::

       Format: 'YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm' or "YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm"
       Example: '2017-09-15 17:25'

   Date Only
   **********
   This date will be taken as midnight UTC of that day

   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DD
       Example: 2017-09-15

   Epoch seconds
   **************
   .. code::

       Example: 1412195400

--value-changed [text]

The optional query parameter to filter database parameters whose
values were changed.

Accepted values are:

   N, Y

--value-default [text]

The optional query parameter to filter the database parameters that
had the default value in the last snapshot.

Accepted values are:

   FALSE, TRUE

--value-modified [text]

The optional query parameter to filter the database parameters that
had a modified value in the last snapshot.

Accepted values are:

   FALSE, MODIFIED, SYSTEM_MOD


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export awr_db_id=<substitute-value-of-awr_db_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/database-management/managed-database/summarize-awr-db-parameters.html#cmdoption-awr-db-id
       export managed_database_id=<substitute-value-of-managed_database_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/database-management/managed-database/summarize-awr-db-parameters.html#cmdoption-managed-database-id

       oci database-management managed-database summarize-awr-db-parameters --awr-db-id $awr_db_id --managed-database-id $managed_database_id
