"create"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Creates a new Authentication Provider


Usage
=====

   oci oda management authentication-provider create [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--client-id [text]

The client ID for the IDP application (OAuth Client) that was
registered as described in Identity Provider Registration. With
Microsoft identity platform, use the application ID.

--client-secret [text]

The client secret for the IDP application (OAuth Client) that was
registered as described in Identity Provider Registration. With
Microsoft identity platform, use the application secret.

--grant-type [text]

The grant type for the Authentication Provider.

Accepted values are:

   AUTHORIZATION_CODE, CLIENT_CREDENTIALS

--identity-provider [text]

Which type of Identity Provider (IDP) you are using.

Accepted values are:

   GENERIC, GOOGLE, MICROSOFT, OAM

--name [text]

A name to identify the Authentication Provider.

--oda-instance-id [text]

Unique Digital Assistant instance identifier.

--scopes [text]

A space-separated list of the scopes that must be included when
Digital Assistant requests an access token from the provider. Include
all the scopes that are required to access the resources. If refresh
tokens are enabled, include the scope that’s necessary to get the
refresh token (typically offline_access).

--token-endpoint-url [text]

The IDPs URL for requesting access tokens.


Optional Parameters
===================

--authorization-endpoint-url [text]

The IDPs URL for the page that users authenticate with by entering the
user name and password.

--defined-tags [complex type]

Usage of predefined tag keys. These predefined keys are scoped to
namespaces. Example: *{“foo-namespace”: {“bar-key”: “value”}}* This is
a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be
provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file using
the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--freeform-tags [complex type]

Simple key-value pair that is applied without any predefined name,
type, or scope. Example: *{“bar-key”: “value”}* This is a complex type
whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string
on the command line or passed in as a file using the
file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--is-visible [boolean]

Whether this Authentication Provider is visible in the ODA UI.

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the resource to reach the lifecycle state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--redirect-url [text]

The OAuth Redirect URL.

--refresh-token-retention-period-in-days [integer]

The number of days to keep the refresh token in the Digital Assistant
cache.

--revoke-token-endpoint-url [text]

If you want to revoke all the refresh tokens and access tokens of the
logged-in user from a dialog flow, then you need the IDP’s revoke
refresh token URL. If you provide this URL, then you can use the
System.OAuth2ResetTokens component to revoke the user’s tokens for
this service.

--short-authorization-code-request-url [text]

A shortened version of the authorization URL, which you can get from a
URL shortener service (one that allows you to send query parameters).
You might need this because the generated authorization-code-request
URL could be too long for SMS and older smart phones.

--subject-claim [text]

The access-token profile claim to use to identify the user.

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation creates, modifies or deletes a resource that has a
defined lifecycle state. Specify this option to perform the action and
then wait until the resource reaches a given lifecycle state. Multiple
states can be specified, returning on the first state. For example, "
--wait-for-state" SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on
whichever lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a
return code of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1
is returned.

Accepted values are:

   ACTIVE, CREATING, DELETED, DELETING, FAILED, INACTIVE, UPDATING

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the resource has
reached the lifecycle state defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to
30 seconds.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export client_id=<substitute-value-of-client_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/oda/management/authentication-provider/create.html#cmdoption-client-id
       export client_secret=<substitute-value-of-client_secret> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/oda/management/authentication-provider/create.html#cmdoption-client-secret
       export grant_type=<substitute-value-of-grant_type> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/oda/management/authentication-provider/create.html#cmdoption-grant-type
       export identity_provider=<substitute-value-of-identity_provider> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/oda/management/authentication-provider/create.html#cmdoption-identity-provider
       export name=<substitute-value-of-name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/oda/management/authentication-provider/create.html#cmdoption-name
       export oda_instance_id=<substitute-value-of-oda_instance_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/oda/management/authentication-provider/create.html#cmdoption-oda-instance-id
       export scopes=<substitute-value-of-scopes> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/oda/management/authentication-provider/create.html#cmdoption-scopes
       export token_endpoint_url=<substitute-value-of-token_endpoint_url> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/oda/management/authentication-provider/create.html#cmdoption-token-endpoint-url

       oci oda management authentication-provider create --client-id $client_id --client-secret $client_secret --grant-type $grant_type --identity-provider $identity_provider --name $name --oda-instance-id $oda_instance_id --scopes $scopes --token-endpoint-url $token_endpoint_url
