"delete"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Delete the specified Authentication Provider.


Usage
=====

   oci oda management authentication-provider delete [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--authentication-provider-id [text]

Unique Authentication Provider identifier.

--oda-instance-id [text]

Unique Digital Assistant instance identifier.


Optional Parameters
===================

--force

Perform deletion without prompting for confirmation.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--if-match [text]

For optimistic concurrency control in a PUT or DELETE call for a
Digital Assistant instance, set the *if-match* query parameter to the
value of the *ETAG* header from a previous GET or POST response for
that instance. The service updates or deletes the instance only if the
etag that you provide matches the instance’s current etag value.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export client_id=<substitute-value-of-client_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/oda/management/authentication-provider/create.html#cmdoption-client-id
       export client_secret=<substitute-value-of-client_secret> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/oda/management/authentication-provider/create.html#cmdoption-client-secret
       export grant_type=<substitute-value-of-grant_type> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/oda/management/authentication-provider/create.html#cmdoption-grant-type
       export identity_provider=<substitute-value-of-identity_provider> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/oda/management/authentication-provider/create.html#cmdoption-identity-provider
       export name=<substitute-value-of-name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/oda/management/authentication-provider/create.html#cmdoption-name
       export oda_instance_id=<substitute-value-of-oda_instance_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/oda/management/authentication-provider/create.html#cmdoption-oda-instance-id
       export scopes=<substitute-value-of-scopes> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/oda/management/authentication-provider/create.html#cmdoption-scopes
       export token_endpoint_url=<substitute-value-of-token_endpoint_url> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/oda/management/authentication-provider/create.html#cmdoption-token-endpoint-url

       authentication_provider_id=$(oci oda management authentication-provider create --client-id $client_id --client-secret $client_secret --grant-type $grant_type --identity-provider $identity_provider --name $name --oda-instance-id $oda_instance_id --scopes $scopes --token-endpoint-url $token_endpoint_url --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci oda management authentication-provider delete --authentication-provider-id $authentication_provider_id --oda-instance-id $oda_instance_id
