"list"
******

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Returns a page of Authentication Providers that belong to the
specified Digital Assistant instance.

If the *opc-next-page* header appears in the response, then there are
more items to retrieve. To get the next page in the subsequent GET
request, include the header’s value as the *page* query parameter.


Usage
=====

   oci oda management authentication-provider list [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--oda-instance-id [text]

Unique Digital Assistant instance identifier.


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--id [text]

Unique Authentication Provider identifier.

--identity-provider [text]

List only Authentication Providers for this Identity Provider.

Accepted values are:

   GENERIC, GOOGLE, MICROSOFT, OAM

--lifecycle-state [text]

List only the resources that are in this lifecycle state.

Accepted values are:

   ACTIVE, CREATING, DELETED, DELETING, FAILED, INACTIVE, UPDATING

--limit [integer]

The maximum number of items to return per page.

--name [text]

List only the information for Authentication Providers with this name.
Authentication Provider names are unique and may not change.

Example:

   MyProvider

--page [text]

The page at which to start retrieving results.

You get this value from the *opc-next-page* header in a previous list
request. To retireve the first page, omit this query parameter.

Example:

   MToxMA==

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--sort-by [text]

Sort on this field. You can specify one sort order only. The default
sort field is *timeCreated*.

The default sort order for *timeCreated* and *timeUpdated* is
descending. For all other sort fields the default sort order is
ascending.

Accepted values are:

   identityProvider, name, timeCreated, timeUpdated

--sort-order [text]

Sort the results in this order, use either *ASC* (ascending) or *DESC*
(descending).

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export oda_instance_id=<substitute-value-of-oda_instance_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/oda/management/authentication-provider/list.html#cmdoption-oda-instance-id

       oci oda management authentication-provider list --oda-instance-id $oda_instance_id
