"delete"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Deletes and unregisters the WLP agent for an on-premise resource. x
-obmcs-splat: routing:   strategy: route-to-any-ad serviceList: [
‘cloudguard-cp-SPLAT_ENV’ ] resources:   wlpAgent:
serviceResourceName: WlpAgent     targetCompartmentId:
downstream.getOr404(‘cloudguard-cp-SPLAT_ENV’, ‘GetWlpAgent’,
request.resourceId).compartmentId     actionKind: delete
resourceOcid: request.resourceId     reconciliationCanStartAfterSecs:
30     permissions: [ “WLP_AGENT_DELETE” ] authorization:   mode:
automated   check:
resources[‘wlpAgent’].grantedPermissions.contains(‘WLP_AGENT_DELETE’)
allowCrossTenancy: true tagStore:   mode: automated
maximumAttemptCount: 3 throttling:   perUserLimit:     rpsLimit: 15
perTenantLimit:     rpsLimit: 30 quotas:   mode: automated search:
mode: backfilling   operationResourceName: wlpAgent lock:   mode: test
operationResourceName: wlpAgent


Usage
=====

   oci cloud-guard wlp-agent delete [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--wlp-agent-id [text]

WLP agent OCID.


Optional Parameters
===================

--force

Perform deletion without prompting for confirmation.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--if-match [text]

For optimistic concurrency control. In the PUT or DELETE call for a
resource, set the *if-match* parameter to the value of the etag from a
previous GET or POST response for that resource. The resource will be
updated or deleted only if the etag you provide matches the resource’s
current etag value.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export agent_version=<substitute-value-of-agent_version> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/cloud-guard/wlp-agent/create.html#cmdoption-agent-version
       export certificate_signed_request=<substitute-value-of-certificate_signed_request> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/cloud-guard/wlp-agent/create.html#cmdoption-certificate-signed-request
       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/cloud-guard/wlp-agent/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export os_info=<substitute-value-of-os_info> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/cloud-guard/wlp-agent/create.html#cmdoption-os-info

       wlp_agent_id=$(oci cloud-guard wlp-agent create --agent-version $agent_version --certificate-signed-request $certificate_signed_request --compartment-id $compartment_id --os-info $os_info --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci cloud-guard wlp-agent delete --wlp-agent-id $wlp_agent_id
