"create"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Create a new Autonomous Data Guard association. An Autonomous Data
Guard association represents the replication relationship between the
specified Autonomous Container database and a peer Autonomous
Container database. For more information, see Using Oracle Data Guard.

All Oracle Cloud Infrastructure resources, including Data Guard
associations, get an Oracle-assigned, unique ID called an Oracle Cloud
Identifier (OCID). When you create a resource, you can find its OCID
in the response. You can also retrieve a resource’s OCID by using a
List API operation on that resource type, or by viewing the resource
in the Console. For more information, see Resource Identifiers.


Usage
=====

   oci db autonomous-container-database-dataguard create [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--autonomous-container-database-id [text]

The Autonomous Container Database OCID.

--peer-autonomous-container-database-display-name [text]

The display name for the peer Autonomous Container Database.

--protection-mode [text]

The protection mode of this Autonomous Data Guard association. For
more information, see Oracle Data Guard Protection Modes in the Oracle
Data Guard documentation.

Accepted values are:

   MAXIMUM_AVAILABILITY, MAXIMUM_PERFORMANCE


Optional Parameters
===================

--fast-start-fail-over-lag-limit-in-seconds [integer]

The lag time for my preference based on data loss tolerance in
seconds.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--is-automatic-failover-enabled [boolean]

Indicates whether Automatic Failover is enabled for Autonomous
Container Database Dataguard Association

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the resource to reach the lifecycle state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--peer-autonomous-container-database-backup-config [complex type]

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--peer-autonomous-container-database-compartment-id [text]

The OCID of the compartment where the standby Autonomous Container
Database will be created.

--peer-autonomous-vm-cluster-id [text]

The OCID of the peer Autonomous Exadata VM Cluster.

--peer-cloud-autonomous-vm-cluster-id [text]

The OCID of the peer cloud Autonomous Exadata VM Cluster.

--peer-db-unique-name [text]

Specifies the *DB_UNIQUE_NAME* of the peer database to be created.

--standby-maintenance-buffer-in-days [integer]

The scheduling detail for the quarterly maintenance window of the
standby Autonomous Container Database. This value represents the
number of days before scheduled maintenance of the primary database.

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation creates, modifies or deletes a resource that has a
defined lifecycle state. Specify this option to perform the action and
then wait until the resource reaches a given lifecycle state. Multiple
states can be specified, returning on the first state. For example, "
--wait-for-state" SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on
whichever lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a
return code of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1
is returned.

Accepted values are:

   AVAILABLE, FAILED, PROVISIONING, ROLE_CHANGE_IN_PROGRESS, TERMINATED, TERMINATING, UNAVAILABLE, UPDATING

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the resource has
reached the lifecycle state defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to
30 seconds.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export display_name=<substitute-value-of-display_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/autonomous-container-database/create.html#cmdoption-display-name
       export patch_model=<substitute-value-of-patch_model> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/autonomous-container-database/create.html#cmdoption-patch-model
       export peer_autonomous_container_database_display_name=<substitute-value-of-peer_autonomous_container_database_display_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/autonomous-container-database-dataguard/create.html#cmdoption-peer-autonomous-container-database-display-name
       export protection_mode=<substitute-value-of-protection_mode> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/autonomous-container-database-dataguard/create.html#cmdoption-protection-mode

       autonomous_container_database_id=$(oci db autonomous-container-database create --display-name $display_name --patch-model $patch_model --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci db autonomous-container-database-dataguard create --autonomous-container-database-id $autonomous_container_database_id --peer-autonomous-container-database-display-name $peer_autonomous_container_database_display_name --protection-mode $protection_mode
