"attach-lb"
***********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Attach a load balancer to the instance pool.


Usage
=====

   oci compute-management instance-pool attach-lb [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--backend-set-name [text]

The name of the backend set on the load balancer to add instances to.

--instance-pool-id [text]

The OCID of the instance pool.

--load-balancer-id [text]

The OCID of the load balancer to attach to the instance pool.

--port [integer]

The port value to use when creating the backend set.

--vnic-selection [text]

Indicates which VNIC on each instance in the pool should be used to
associate with the load balancer. Possible values are “PrimaryVnic” or
the displayName of one of the secondary VNICs on the instance
configuration that is associated with the instance pool.


Optional Parameters
===================

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--if-match [text]

For optimistic concurrency control. In the PUT or DELETE call for a
resource, set the *if-match* parameter to the value of the etag from a
previous GET or POST response for that resource. The resource will be
updated or deleted only if the etag you provide matches the resource’s
current etag value.

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the resource to reach the lifecycle state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation creates, modifies or deletes a resource that has a
defined lifecycle state. Specify this option to perform the action and
then wait until the resource reaches a given lifecycle state. Multiple
states can be specified, returning on the first state. For example, "
--wait-for-state" SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on
whichever lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a
return code of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1
is returned.

Accepted values are:

   PROVISIONING, RUNNING, SCALING, STARTING, STOPPED, STOPPING, TERMINATED, TERMINATING

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the resource has
reached the lifecycle state defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to
30 seconds.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy and paste the following example into a JSON file, replacing the
example parameters with your own.

       oci compute-management instance-configuration create --generate-param-json-input instance-details > instance-details.json

       oci compute-management instance-pool create --generate-param-json-input placement-configurations > placement-configurations.json

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/compute-management/instance-configuration/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export size=<substitute-value-of-size> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/compute-management/instance-pool/create.html#cmdoption-size
       export backend_set_name=<substitute-value-of-backend_set_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/compute-management/instance-pool/attach-lb.html#cmdoption-backend-set-name
       export load_balancer_id=<substitute-value-of-load_balancer_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/compute-management/instance-pool/attach-lb.html#cmdoption-load-balancer-id
       export port=<substitute-value-of-port> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/compute-management/instance-pool/attach-lb.html#cmdoption-port
       export vnic_selection=<substitute-value-of-vnic_selection> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/compute-management/instance-pool/attach-lb.html#cmdoption-vnic-selection

       instance_configuration_id=$(oci compute-management instance-configuration create --compartment-id $compartment_id --instance-details file://instance-details.json --query data.id --raw-output)

       instance_pool_id=$(oci compute-management instance-pool create --compartment-id $compartment_id --instance-configuration-id $instance_configuration_id --placement-configurations file://placement-configurations.json --size $size --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci compute-management instance-pool attach-lb --backend-set-name $backend_set_name --instance-pool-id $instance_pool_id --load-balancer-id $load_balancer_id --port $port --vnic-selection $vnic_selection
