"list"
******

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Lists all applications in the specified compartment. Only one
parameter other than compartmentId may also be included in a query.
The query must include compartmentId. If the query does not include
compartmentId, or includes compartmentId but two or more other
parameters an error is returned.


Usage
=====

   oci data-flow application list [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment.


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--display-name [text]

The query parameter for the Spark application name.

--display-name-starts-with [text]

The displayName prefix.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--limit [integer]

The maximum number of results to return in a paginated *List* call.

--owner-principal-id [text]

The OCID of the user who created the resource.

--page [text]

The value of the *opc-next-page* or *opc-prev-page* response header
from the last *List* call to sent back to server for getting the next
page of results.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--sort-by [text]

The field used to sort the results. Multiple fields are not supported.

Accepted values are:

   displayName, language, timeCreated

--sort-order [text]

The ordering of results in ascending or descending order.

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC

--spark-version [text]

The Spark version utilized to run the application.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/data-flow/application/list.html#cmdoption-compartment-id

       oci data-flow application list --compartment-id $compartment_id
