"create-channel-create-service-cloud-channel-details"
*****************************************************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Creates a new Channel.


Usage
=====

   oci oda management channel create-channel-create-service-cloud-channel-details [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--client-type [text]

The type of Service Cloud client.

Accepted values are:

   REST, WSDL

--domain-name [text]

The domain name.

If you have access to Oracle B2C Service, you can derive this value
from the URL that you use to launch the Agent Browser User Interface.
For example, if the URL is sitename.exampledomain.com, then the host
name prefix is sitename and the domain name is exampledomain.com.

If the channel is connecting to Oracle B2C Service version 19A or
later, and you have multiple interfaces, then you must include the
interface ID in the host (site) name . For example, for the interface
that has an ID of 2, you would use something like
sitename-2.exampledomain.com.

--host-name-prefix [text]

The host prefix.

If you have access to Oracle B2C Service, you can derive this value
from the URL that you use to launch the Agent Browser User Interface.
For example, if the URL is sitename.exampledomain.com, then the host
name prefix is sitename and the domain name is exampledomain.com.

If the channel is connecting to Oracle B2C Service version 19A or
later, and you have multiple interfaces, then you must include the
interface ID in the host (site) name . For example, for the interface
that has an ID of 2, you would use something like
sitename-2.exampledomain.com.

--name [text]

The Channel’s name. The name can contain only letters, numbers,
periods, and underscores. The name must begin with a letter.

--oda-instance-id [text]

Unique Digital Assistant instance identifier.

--password [text]

The password for the Oracle B2C Service staff member who has the
necessary profile permissions.

--user-name [text]

The user name for an Oracle B2C Service staff member who has the
necessary profile permissions.


Optional Parameters
===================

--defined-tags [complex type]

Usage of predefined tag keys. These predefined keys are scoped to
namespaces. Example: *{“foo-namespace”: {“bar-key”: “value”}}* This is
a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be
provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file using
the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--description [text]

A short description of the Channel.

--freeform-tags [complex type]

Simple key-value pair that is applied without any predefined name,
type, or scope. Example: *{“bar-key”: “value”}* This is a complex type
whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string
on the command line or passed in as a file using the
file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--session-expiry-duration-in-milliseconds [integer]

The number of milliseconds before a session expires.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export client_type=<substitute-value-of-client_type> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/oda/management/channel/create-channel-create-service-cloud-channel-details.html#cmdoption-client-type
       export domain_name=<substitute-value-of-domain_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/oda/management/channel/create-channel-create-service-cloud-channel-details.html#cmdoption-domain-name
       export host_name_prefix=<substitute-value-of-host_name_prefix> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/oda/management/channel/create-channel-create-service-cloud-channel-details.html#cmdoption-host-name-prefix
       export name=<substitute-value-of-name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/oda/management/channel/create-channel-create-service-cloud-channel-details.html#cmdoption-name
       export oda_instance_id=<substitute-value-of-oda_instance_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/oda/management/channel/create-channel-create-service-cloud-channel-details.html#cmdoption-oda-instance-id
       export password=<substitute-value-of-password> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/oda/management/channel/create-channel-create-service-cloud-channel-details.html#cmdoption-password
       export user_name=<substitute-value-of-user_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/oda/management/channel/create-channel-create-service-cloud-channel-details.html#cmdoption-user-name

       oci oda management channel create-channel-create-service-cloud-channel-details --client-type $client_type --domain-name $domain_name --host-name-prefix $host_name_prefix --name $name --oda-instance-id $oda_instance_id --password $password --user-name $user_name
