"create-channel-create-osvc-channel-details"
********************************************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Creates a new Channel.


Usage
=====

   oci oda management channel create-channel-create-osvc-channel-details [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--authentication-provider-name [text]

The name of the Authentication Provider to use to authenticate the
user.

--host [text]

The host.

For OSVC, you can derive these values from the URL that you use to
launch the Agent Browser User Interface or the chat launch page. For
example, if the URL is
https://sitename.exampledomain.com/app/chat/chat_launch, then the host
is sitename.exampledomain.com.

For FUSION, this is the host portion of your Oracle Applications Cloud
(Fusion) instance’s URL. For example: sitename.exampledomain.com.

--name [text]

The Channel’s name. The name can contain only letters, numbers,
periods, and underscores. The name must begin with a letter.

--oda-instance-id [text]

Unique Digital Assistant instance identifier.

--password [text]

The password for the digital-assistant agent.

--port [text]

The port.

--total-session-count [integer]

The total session count.

--user-name [text]

The user name for the digital-assistant agent.


Optional Parameters
===================

--bot-id [text]

The ID of the Skill or Digital Assistant that the Channel is routed
to.

--channel-service [text]

The type of OSVC service.

Accepted values are:

   FUSION, OSVC

--defined-tags [complex type]

Usage of predefined tag keys. These predefined keys are scoped to
namespaces. Example: *{“foo-namespace”: {“bar-key”: “value”}}* This is
a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be
provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file using
the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--description [text]

A short description of the Channel.

--freeform-tags [complex type]

Simple key-value pair that is applied without any predefined name,
type, or scope. Example: *{“bar-key”: “value”}* This is a complex type
whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string
on the command line or passed in as a file using the
file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--session-expiry-duration-in-milliseconds [integer]

The number of milliseconds before a session expires.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export authentication_provider_name=<substitute-value-of-authentication_provider_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/oda/management/channel/create-channel-create-osvc-channel-details.html#cmdoption-authentication-provider-name
       export host=<substitute-value-of-host> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/oda/management/channel/create-channel-create-osvc-channel-details.html#cmdoption-host
       export name=<substitute-value-of-name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/oda/management/channel/create-channel-create-osvc-channel-details.html#cmdoption-name
       export oda_instance_id=<substitute-value-of-oda_instance_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/oda/management/channel/create-channel-create-osvc-channel-details.html#cmdoption-oda-instance-id
       export password=<substitute-value-of-password> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/oda/management/channel/create-channel-create-osvc-channel-details.html#cmdoption-password
       export port=<substitute-value-of-port> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/oda/management/channel/create-channel-create-osvc-channel-details.html#cmdoption-port
       export total_session_count=<substitute-value-of-total_session_count> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/oda/management/channel/create-channel-create-osvc-channel-details.html#cmdoption-total-session-count
       export user_name=<substitute-value-of-user_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/oda/management/channel/create-channel-create-osvc-channel-details.html#cmdoption-user-name

       oci oda management channel create-channel-create-osvc-channel-details --authentication-provider-name $authentication_provider_name --host $host --name $name --oda-instance-id $oda_instance_id --password $password --port $port --total-session-count $total_session_count --user-name $user_name
