"create"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Creates a new access request.


Usage
=====

   oci oma access-request create [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--access-duration [text]

The maximum amount of time operator has access to associated
resources.

--description [text]

The rationale for requesting the access request.

--lockbox-id [text]

The unique identifier (OCID) of the lockbox box that the access
request is associated with which is immutable.


Optional Parameters
===================

--context [complex type]

The context object containing the access request specific details.
This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--display-name [text]

The name of the access request.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the work request to reach the state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--ticket-number [text]

The ticket number raised by external customers Example:
*3-37509643121*

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation asynchronously creates, modifies or deletes a resource
and uses a work request to track the progress of the operation.
Specify this option to perform the action and then wait until the work
request reaches a certain state. Multiple states can be specified,
returning on the first state. For example, "--wait-for-state"
SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on whichever
lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a return code
of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1 is returned.

Accepted values are:

   ACCEPTED, CANCELED, CANCELING, FAILED, IN_PROGRESS, NEEDS_ATTENTION, SUCCEEDED, WAITING

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the work request
has reached the state defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 30
seconds.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy and paste the following example into a JSON file, replacing the
example parameters with your own.

       oci oma lockbox create --generate-param-json-input context-attributes > context-attributes.json

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/oma/lockbox/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export resource_id=<substitute-value-of-resource_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/oma/lockbox/create.html#cmdoption-resource-id
       export access_duration=<substitute-value-of-access_duration> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/oma/access-request/create.html#cmdoption-access-duration
       export description=<substitute-value-of-description> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/oma/access-request/create.html#cmdoption-description

       lockbox_id=$(oci oma lockbox create --compartment-id $compartment_id --context-attributes file://context-attributes.json --resource-id $resource_id --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci oma access-request create --access-duration $access_duration --description $description --lockbox-id $lockbox_id
