"list"
******

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Gets a list of Warehouse data objects (e.g: views, tables), based on
the query parameters specified.


Usage
=====

   oci opsi opsi-warehouse-data-objects list [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--warehouse-id [text]

The OCID of a Warehouse.

--warehouse-type [text]

Type of the Warehouse.

Accepted values are:

   awrHubs


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--data-object-type [text]

A filter to return only data objects that match the data object type.
By default, no filtering will be applied on data object type.

Accepted values are:

   TABLE, VIEW

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--limit [integer]

For list pagination. The maximum number of results per page, or items
to return in a paginated “List” call. For important details about how
pagination works, see List Pagination. Example: *50*

--name [text]

A filter to return only data objects that match the entire data object
name. By default, no filtering will be applied on data object name.

--owner [text]

A filter to return only data objects that match the entire data object
owner name.  By default, no filtering will be applied on data object
owner name.

--page [text]

For list pagination. The value of the *opc-next-page* response header
from the previous “List” call. For important details about how
pagination works, see List Pagination.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--sort-by [text]

Sort options for Warehouse data objects list.

Accepted values are:

   dataObjectType, name, owner

--sort-order [text]

The sort order to use, either ascending (*ASC*) or descending
(*DESC*).

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC

--summary-field [text]

Specifies the optional fields to return in a
WarehouseDataObjectSummary. Unless requested, these fields are not
returned by default.

Accepted values are:

   details


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export warehouse_id=<substitute-value-of-warehouse_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/opsi/opsi-warehouse-data-objects/list.html#cmdoption-warehouse-id
       export warehouse_type=<substitute-value-of-warehouse_type> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/opsi/opsi-warehouse-data-objects/list.html#cmdoption-warehouse-type

       oci opsi opsi-warehouse-data-objects list --warehouse-id $warehouse_id --warehouse-type $warehouse_type
