"list"
******

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Gets a list of all On-demand uploads. To use this and other API
operations, you must be authorized in an IAM policy.


Usage
=====

   oci log-analytics upload list [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--namespace-name, --namespace, -ns [text]

The Logging Analytics namespace used for the request.


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--limit [integer]

The maximum number of items to return.

--name [text]

Name of the upload container.

--name-contains [text]

A filter to return only uploads whose name contains the given name.

--page [text]

The page token representing the page at which to start retrieving
results. This is usually retrieved from a previous list call.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--sort-by [text]

The field to sort by. Only one sort order may be provided. Default
order for timeUpdated is descending. Default order for name is
ascending. If no value is specified timeUpdated is default.

Accepted values are:

   name, timeCreated, timeUpdated

--sort-order [text]

The sort order to use, either ascending (*ASC*) or descending
(*DESC*).

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC

--warnings-filter [text]

Use this for filtering uploads w.r.t warnings. Only one value is
allowed. If no value is specified then ALL is taken as default, which
means that all the uploads with and without warnings will be returned.

Accepted values are:

   ALL, WITHOUT_WARNINGS, WITH_WARNINGS


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export namespace_name=<substitute-value-of-namespace_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/log-analytics/upload/list.html#cmdoption-namespace-name

       oci log-analytics upload list --namespace-name $namespace_name
