"list-resource-drift-details"
*****************************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Lists drift status details for each resource defined in the specified
stack. The drift status details for a given resource indicate
differences, if any, between the actual state and the expected
(defined) state for that resource. The drift status details correspond
to the specified work request (*workRequestId*). If no work request is
specified, then the drift status details correspond to the latest
completed work request for the stack.


Usage
=====

   oci resource-manager stack list-resource-drift-details [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--stack-id [text]

The OCID of the stack.


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--limit [integer]

The number of items returned in a paginated *List* call. For
information about pagination, see List Pagination.

--page [text]

The value of the *opc-next-page* response header from the preceding
*List* call. For information about pagination, see List Pagination.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--resource-drift-status [text]

A filter that returns only resources that match the given drift
status. The value is case-insensitive. Allowable values -   -
NOT_CHECKED   - MODIFIED   - IN_SYNC   - DELETED

Accepted values are:

   DELETED, IN_SYNC, MODIFIED, NOT_CHECKED

--work-request-id [text]

The OCID of the work request.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/resource-manager/stack/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export config_source=<substitute-value-of-config_source> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/resource-manager/stack/create.html#cmdoption-config-source

       stack_id=$(oci resource-manager stack create --compartment-id $compartment_id --config-source $config_source --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci resource-manager stack list-resource-drift-details --stack-id $stack_id
