"create"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Creates a new volume group in the specified compartment. A volume
group is a collection of volumes and may be created from a list of
volumes, cloning an existing volume group, or by restoring a volume
group backup. You may optionally specify a *display name* for the
volume group, which is simply a friendly name or description. It does
not have to be unique, and you can change it. Avoid entering
confidential information.

For more information, see Volume Groups.


Usage
=====

   oci bv volume-group create [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--availability-domain [text]

The availability domain of the volume group.

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment that contains the volume group.

--source-details [complex type]

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.


Optional Parameters
===================

--backup-policy-id [text]

If provided, specifies the ID of the volume backup policy to assign to
the newly created volume group. If omitted, no policy will be
assigned.

--cluster-placement-group-id [text]

The clusterPlacementGroup Id of the volume group for volume group
placement.

--defined-tags [complex type]

Defined tags for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a
namespace. For more information, see Resource Tags.

Example:

   {"Operations": {"CostCenter": "42"}}

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--display-name [text]

A user-friendly name. Does not have to be unique, and it’s changeable.
Avoid entering confidential information.

--freeform-tags [complex type]

Free-form tags for this resource. Each tag is a simple key-value pair
with no predefined name, type, or namespace. For more information, see
Resource Tags.

Example:

   {"Department": "Finance"}

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the resource to reach the lifecycle state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--volume-group-replicas [complex type]

The list of volume group replicas that this volume group will be
enabled to have in the specified destination availability domains.

This option is a JSON list with items of type
VolumeGroupReplicaDetails.  For documentation on
VolumeGroupReplicaDetails please see our API reference: https://docs.
cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/iaas/20160918/datatypes/VolumeGroupReplicaD
etails. This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The
value can be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as
a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation creates, modifies or deletes a resource that has a
defined lifecycle state. Specify this option to perform the action and
then wait until the resource reaches a given lifecycle state. Multiple
states can be specified, returning on the first state. For example, "
--wait-for-state" SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on
whichever lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a
return code of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1
is returned.

Accepted values are:

   AVAILABLE, FAULTY, PROVISIONING, TERMINATED, TERMINATING, UPDATE_PENDING

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the resource has
reached the lifecycle state defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to
30 seconds.

--xrc-kms-key-id [text]

The OCID of the Vault service key which is the master encryption key
for the volume’s cross region backups, which will be used in the
destination region to encrypt the backup’s encryption keys. For more
information about the Vault service and encryption keys, see Overview
of Vault service and Using Keys.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy and paste the following example into a JSON file, replacing the
example parameters with your own.

       oci bv volume-group create --generate-param-json-input source-details > source-details.json

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export availability_domain=<substitute-value-of-availability_domain> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/bv/volume-group/create.html#cmdoption-availability-domain
       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/bv/volume-group/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id

       oci bv volume-group create --availability-domain $availability_domain --compartment-id $compartment_id --source-details file://source-details.json
