"oci"
*****

* Description

* Usage

* Optional Parameters


Description
===========

Oracle Cloud Infrastructure command line interface


Usage
=====

   oci


Optional Parameters
===================

--auth [text]

The type of auth to use for the API request. By default the API key in
your config file will be used.  This value can also be provided in the
OCI_CLI_AUTH environment variable.

Accepted values are:

   api_key, instance_obo_user, instance_principal, oke_workload_identity, resource_principal, security_token

--auth-purpose [text]

The The auth purpose which can be used in conjunction with –auth.

--cert-bundle [text]

The full path to a CA certificate bundle to be used for SSL
verification. This will override the default CA certificate bundle.

-i, --cli-auto-prompt

Use the interactive features for autocompletion and quick view of
command reference.

For information on interactive features, see
https://docs.oracle.com/iaas/Content/API/SDKDocs/cliusing_topic-
Using_Interactive_Mode.htm.

--cli-rc-file, --defaults-file [text]

The path to the OCI CLI-specific configuration file, containing
parameter default values and other configuration information such as
command aliases and predefined queries.

The –defaults-file option is deprecated and you should use the –cli-
rc-file option instead.

For more information about the cli configuration file, see
https://docs.oracle.com/iaas/Content/API/SDKDocs/cliconfigure.htm.

--config-file [text]

The path to the config file.

--connection-timeout [integer]

The value of the connection timeout in seconds to make establish
connection from sdk to services. This will override the default
connection timeout value of 10 secs.

-d, --debug

Show additional debug information.

--endpoint [text]

The value to use as the service endpoint, including any required API
version path. For example: “https://iaas.us-
phoenix-1.oracle.com/20160918”. This will override the default service
endpoint / API version path. Note: The –region parameter is the
recommended way of targeting different regions.

--generate-full-command-json-input

Prints out a JSON document which represents all possible options that
can be provided to this command.

This JSON document can be saved to a file, modified with the
appropriate option values, and then passed back via the –from-json
option. This provides an alternative to typing options out on the
command line. Example:

   oci os bucket get --generate-full-command-json-input  > example.json
   cat example.json

Output:

   {
     "bucketName": "string",
     "fields": [
       "approximateCount|approximateSize|autoTiering"
     ],
     "ifMatch": "string",
     "ifNoneMatch": "string",
     "name": "string",
     "namespace": "string",
     "namespaceName": "string"
   }

Edit the example.json file with correct values and use it as below

   oci os bucket get --from-json file://example.json

--generate-param-json-input [text]

Complex input, such as arrays and objects, are passed in JSON format.

When passed the name of an option which takes complex input, this will
print out example JSON of what needs to be passed to that option.
Example:

   oci compute instance launch --generate-param-json-input agent-config > example.json

   cat example.json

Output:

   {
     "areAllPluginsDisabled": true,
     "isManagementDisabled": true,
     "isMonitoringDisabled": true,
     "pluginsConfig": [
       {
         "desiredState": "string",
         "name": "string"
       },
       {
         "desiredState": "string",
         "name": "string"
       }
     ]
   }

Edit the example.json file with correct values and use it as below

   oci compute instance launch --agent-config file://example.json

-?, -h, --help

For detailed help on the individual OCI CLI command, enter <command>
–help.

--latest-version

Prints latest released version.

--max-retries [integer]

Maximum number of retry calls to be made to the service. For most
commands, 5 attempts will be made. For operations with binary bodies,
retries are disabled

--no-retry

Disable retry logic for calls to services.

--output [text]

The output format. [Default is json]

Accepted values are:

   json, table

--profile [text]

The profile in the config file to load. This profile will also be used
to locate any default parameter values which have been specified in
the OCI CLI-specific configuration file.  [default: DEFAULT]

--proxy [text]

If the environment the CLI runs in requires use of a proxy server for
HTTP requests, the details of the proxy server to use. Examples:

http://proxy.example.org:3128/ (uses proxy.example.org on port 3128) 
http://user:pass@proxy.example.org:3128/ (if your proxy requires a
username and password to authenticate)

--query [text]

JMESPath query [http://jmespath.org/] to run on the response JSON
before output.

Queries can be entered directly on the command line or referenced from
the [OCI_CLI_COMMAND_ALIASES] section of your configuration file by
using the syntax query://<query_name>, for example
query://get_id_and_name

For more information, see the Using Queries section at https://docs.o
racle.com/iaas/Content/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#Managing_CLI_Input_an
d_Output

--raw-output

If the output of a given query is a single string value, this will
return the string without surrounding quotes

--read-timeout [integer]

The value of the read timeout in seconds to wait for service calls to
send response to sdk. This will override the default read timeout
value of 60 secs.

--realm-specific-endpoint

Use a realm-specific endpoint, instead of the default region-wide
endpoint.

Example::
   oci os ns get –realm-specific-endpoint

With this flag, your request will be made to a realm-specific service
endpoint, such as, “https://mynamespace.objectstorage.us-phoenix-1.oci
.customer-oci.com”. Use the –debug option to identify which endpoint
is used for your request.

This flag has priority over the environment variable
OCI_REALM_SPECIFIC_SERVICE_ENDPOINT_TEMPLATE_ENABLED.

To use this flag by default, set this flag to true in your OCI CLI-
specific configuration file. For more information, see
https://docs.oracle.com/en-
us/iaas/Content/API/SDKDocs/cliconfigure.htm

If the flag is used for a service that does not support such feature,
the default region-wide endpoint will be used.

--region [text]

The region to make calls against.  For a list of valid region names
use the command: “oci iam region list”.

--release-info

Prints ChangeLog difference between current installed version and
latest released version. Please visit https://github.com/oracle/oci-
cli/blob/master/CHANGELOG.rst for more info

--opc-request-id, --opc-client-request-id, --request-id [text]

The request id to use for tracking the request.

-v, --version

Show the version and exit.
