"create-scripted-rest-monitor"
******************************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Creates a new monitor.


Usage
=====

   oci apm-synthetics monitor create-scripted-rest-monitor [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--apm-domain-id [text]

The APM domain ID the request is intended for.

--display-name [text]

Unique name that can be edited. The name should not contain any
confidential information.

--monitor-type [text]

Type of monitor.

Accepted values are:

   BROWSER, DNS, FTP, NETWORK, REST, SCRIPTED_BROWSER, SCRIPTED_REST, SQL

--repeat-interval-in-seconds [integer]

Interval in seconds after the start time when the job should be
repeated. Minimum repeatIntervalInSeconds should be 300 seconds for
Scripted REST, Scripted Browser and Browser monitors, and 60 seconds
for REST monitor.

--vantage-points [complex type]

A list of public and dedicated vantage points from which to execute
the monitor. Use /publicVantagePoints to fetch public vantage points,
and /dedicatedVantagePoints to fetch dedicated vantage points. This is
a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be
provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file using
the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.


Optional Parameters
===================

--availability-configuration [complex type]

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--batch-interval-in-seconds [integer]

Time interval between two runs in round robin batch mode
(SchedulingPolicy - BATCHED_ROUND_ROBIN).

--defined-tags [complex type]

Defined tags for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a
namespace. Example: *{“foo-namespace”: {“bar-key”: “value”}}* This is
a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be
provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file using
the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--dns-configuration [complex type]

Dns settings. This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON.
The value can be provided as a string on the command line or passed in
as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--freeform-tags [complex type]

Simple key-value pair that is applied without any predefined name,
type or scope. Exists for cross-compatibility only. Example: *{“bar-
key”: “value”}* This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON.
The value can be provided as a string on the command line or passed in
as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--is-failure-retried [boolean]

If isFailureRetried enabled, then if call is failed then it will be
retried.

--is-ipv6 [boolean]

If enabled, domain name will resolve to an IPv6 address.

--is-run-now [boolean]

If isRunNow is enabled, then the monitor will run immediately.

--is-run-once [boolean]

If runOnce is enabled, then the monitor will run once.

--maintenance-window-schedule [complex type]

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--network-configuration [complex type]

Details of the network configuration. This is a complex type whose
value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the
command line or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file
syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--req-authentication-scheme [text]

Request HTTP authentication scheme.

Accepted values are:

   NONE, RESOURCE_PRINCIPAL

--scheduling-policy [text]

Scheduling policy to decide the distribution of monitor executions on
vantage points.

Accepted values are:

   ALL, BATCHED_ROUND_ROBIN, ROUND_ROBIN

--script-id [text]

The OCID of the script. scriptId is mandatory for creation of
SCRIPTED_BROWSER and SCRIPTED_REST monitor types. For other monitor
types, it should be set to null.

--script-parameters [complex type]

List of script parameters in the monitor. This is valid only for
SCRIPTED_BROWSER and SCRIPTED_REST monitor types. For other monitor
types, it should be set to null. Example: *[{“paramName”: “userid”,
“paramValue”:”testuser”}]*

This option is a JSON list with items of type MonitorScriptParameter.
For documentation on MonitorScriptParameter please see our API
reference: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/apmsynthetic/202006
30/datatypes/MonitorScriptParameter. This is a complex type whose
value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the
command line or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file
syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--status [text]

Enables or disables the monitor.

Accepted values are:

   DISABLED, ENABLED, INVALID

--target [text]

Specify the endpoint on which to run the monitor. For BROWSER, REST,
NETWORK, DNS and FTP monitor types, target is mandatory. If target is
specified in the SCRIPTED_BROWSER monitor type, then the monitor will
run the selected script (specified by scriptId in monitor) against the
specified target endpoint. If target is not specified in the
SCRIPTED_BROWSER monitor type, then the monitor will run the selected
script as it is. For NETWORK monitor with TCP protocol, a port needs
to be provided along with target. Example: 192.168.0.1:80.

--timeout-in-seconds [integer]

Timeout in seconds. If isFailureRetried is true, then timeout cannot
be more than 30% of repeatIntervalInSeconds time for monitors. If
isFailureRetried is false, then timeout cannot be more than 50% of
repeatIntervalInSeconds time for monitors. Also, timeoutInSeconds
should be a multiple of 60 for Scripted REST, Scripted Browser and
Browser monitors. Monitor will be allowed to run only for
timeoutInSeconds time. It would be terminated after that.

--verify-response-codes [complex type]

Expected HTTP response codes. For status code range, set values such
as 2xx, 3xx. This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON.
The value can be provided as a string on the command line or passed in
as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy and paste the following example into a JSON file, replacing the
example parameters with your own.

       oci apm-synthetics monitor create-scripted-rest-monitor --generate-param-json-input vantage-points > vantage-points.json

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export apm_domain_id=<substitute-value-of-apm_domain_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/apm-synthetics/monitor/create-scripted-rest-monitor.html#cmdoption-apm-domain-id
       export display_name=<substitute-value-of-display_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/apm-synthetics/monitor/create-scripted-rest-monitor.html#cmdoption-display-name
       export monitor_type=<substitute-value-of-monitor_type> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/apm-synthetics/monitor/create-scripted-rest-monitor.html#cmdoption-monitor-type
       export repeat_interval_in_seconds=<substitute-value-of-repeat_interval_in_seconds> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/apm-synthetics/monitor/create-scripted-rest-monitor.html#cmdoption-repeat-interval-in-seconds

       oci apm-synthetics monitor create-scripted-rest-monitor --apm-domain-id $apm_domain_id --display-name $display_name --monitor-type $monitor_type --repeat-interval-in-seconds $repeat_interval_in_seconds --vantage-points file://vantage-points.json
