"validate-source-extfield-details"
**********************************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Checks if the specified input contains valid extended field
definitions against the provided example content.


Usage
=====

   oci log-analytics source validate-source-extfield-details [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--namespace-name [text]

The Logging Analytics namespace used for the request.


Optional Parameters
===================

--assoc-count [text]

Association count

--assoc-entity [text]

Association entity

--categories [complex type]

An array of categories assigned to this source. The isSystem flag
denotes if each category assignment is user-created or Oracle-defined.

This option is a JSON list with items of type LogAnalyticsCategory.
For documentation on LogAnalyticsCategory please see our API
reference: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/loganalytics/202006
01/datatypes/LogAnalyticsCategory. This is a complex type whose value
must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the
command line or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file
syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--data-filter-definitions [complex type]

The data filter definitions.

This option is a JSON list with items of type
LogAnalyticsSourceDataFilter.  For documentation on
LogAnalyticsSourceDataFilter please see our API reference: https://do
cs.cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/loganalytics/20200601/datatypes/LogAnaly
ticsSourceDataFilter. This is a complex type whose value must be valid
JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the command line or
passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--database-credential [text]

The database credential.

--description [text]

The source description.

--display-name [text]

The source display name.

--edit-version [integer]

The source edit version.

--endpoints [complex type]

An array of REST API endpoints for log collection.

This option is a JSON list with items of type LogAnalyticsEndpoint.
For documentation on LogAnalyticsEndpoint please see our API
reference: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/loganalytics/202006
01/datatypes/LogAnalyticsEndpoint. This is a complex type whose value
must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the
command line or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file
syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--entity-types [complex type]

The entity types.

This option is a JSON list with items of type
LogAnalyticsSourceEntityType.  For documentation on
LogAnalyticsSourceEntityType please see our API reference: https://do
cs.cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/loganalytics/20200601/datatypes/LogAnaly
ticsSourceEntityType. This is a complex type whose value must be valid
JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the command line or
passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--event-types [complex type]

An array of event types.

This option is a JSON list with items of type EventType.  For
documentation on EventType please see our API reference: https://docs
.cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/loganalytics/20200601/datatypes/EventType.
This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--extfield-defs [text]

Extended Field Definitions

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--functions [complex type]

The source functions.

This option is a JSON list with items of type
LogAnalyticsSourceFunction.  For documentation on
LogAnalyticsSourceFunction please see our API reference: https://docs
.cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/loganalytics/20200601/datatypes/LogAnalyti
csSourceFunction. This is a complex type whose value must be valid
JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the command line or
passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--is-auto-assoc-enabled [text]

Auto associaton enabled flag

--is-auto-assoc-override [text]

Auto associaton override flag

--is-for-cloud [boolean]

A flag indicating whether or not this is a cloud source.

--is-secure-content [boolean]

A flag indicating whether or not the source content is secure.

--is-system [boolean]

The system flag.  A value of false denotes a custom, or user defined
object.  A value of true denotes a built in object.

--is-timezone-override [boolean]

A flag indicating whether or not the source has a time zone override.

--label-conditions [complex type]

The label alert conditions.

This option is a JSON list with items of type
LogAnalyticsSourceLabelCondition.  For documentation on
LogAnalyticsSourceLabelCondition please see our API reference: https:
//docs.cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/loganalytics/20200601/datatypes/LogA
nalyticsSourceLabelCondition. This is a complex type whose value must
be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the command
line or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--label-definitions [complex type]

The labls used by the source.

This option is a JSON list with items of type
LogAnalyticsLabelDefinition.  For documentation on
LogAnalyticsLabelDefinition please see our API reference: https://doc
s.cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/loganalytics/20200601/datatypes/LogAnalyt
icsLabelDefinition. This is a complex type whose value must be valid
JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the command line or
passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--labels [complex type]

The labels associated with the source.

This option is a JSON list with items of type LogAnalyticsLabelView.
For documentation on LogAnalyticsLabelView please see our API
reference: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/loganalytics/202006
01/datatypes/LogAnalyticsLabelView. This is a complex type whose value
must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the
command line or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file
syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--metadata-fields [complex type]

The source metadata fields.

This option is a JSON list with items of type
LogAnalyticsSourceMetadataField.  For documentation on
LogAnalyticsSourceMetadataField please see our API reference: https:/
/docs.cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/loganalytics/20200601/datatypes/LogAn
alyticsSourceMetadataField. This is a complex type whose value must be
valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the command line
or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--metric-definitions [complex type]

The metric definitions.

This option is a JSON list with items of type LogAnalyticsMetric.  For
documentation on LogAnalyticsMetric please see our API reference: htt
ps://docs.cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/loganalytics/20200601/datatypes/L
ogAnalyticsMetric. This is a complex type whose value must be valid
JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the command line or
passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--metrics [complex type]

The metric source map.

This option is a JSON list with items of type
LogAnalyticsSourceMetric.  For documentation on
LogAnalyticsSourceMetric please see our API reference: https://docs.c
loud.oracle.com/api/#/en/loganalytics/20200601/datatypes/LogAnalytics
SourceMetric. This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON.
The value can be provided as a string on the command line or passed in
as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--name [text]

The source internal name.

--oob-parsers [complex type]

The built in parsers associated with source.

This option is a JSON list with items of type LogAnalyticsParser.  For
documentation on LogAnalyticsParser please see our API reference: htt
ps://docs.cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/loganalytics/20200601/datatypes/L
ogAnalyticsParser. This is a complex type whose value must be valid
JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the command line or
passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--parameters [complex type]

The source parameters.

This option is a JSON list with items of type LogAnalyticsParameter.
For documentation on LogAnalyticsParameter please see our API
reference: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/loganalytics/202006
01/datatypes/LogAnalyticsParameter. This is a complex type whose value
must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the
command line or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file
syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--parsers [complex type]

The list of parsers used by the source.

This option is a JSON list with items of type LogAnalyticsParser.  For
documentation on LogAnalyticsParser please see our API reference: htt
ps://docs.cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/loganalytics/20200601/datatypes/L
ogAnalyticsParser. This is a complex type whose value must be valid
JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the command line or
passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--pattern-count [integer]

The pattern count.

--patterns [complex type]

The source patterns.

This option is a JSON list with items of type
LogAnalyticsSourcePattern.  For documentation on
LogAnalyticsSourcePattern please see our API reference: https://docs.
cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/loganalytics/20200601/datatypes/LogAnalytic
sSourcePattern. This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON.
The value can be provided as a string on the command line or passed in
as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--rule-id [integer]

The rule unique identifier.

--source-id [integer]

The source unique identifier.

--source-properties [complex type]

A list of source properties.

This option is a JSON list with items of type LogAnalyticsProperty.
For documentation on LogAnalyticsProperty please see our API
reference: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/loganalytics/202006
01/datatypes/LogAnalyticsProperty. This is a complex type whose value
must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the
command line or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file
syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--time-updated [datetime]

The last updated date.

   The following datetime formats are supported:


UTC with microseconds
---------------------

   Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.ssssssTZD
   Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00.123456Z

   UTC with milliseconds
   ***********************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.sssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00.123Z

   UTC without milliseconds
   **************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00Z

   UTC with minute precision
   **************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mmTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T20:30Z


Timezone with microseconds
--------------------------

   Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
   Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456789-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456789-0800

   Timezone with milliseconds
   ***************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456-0800

   Timezone without milliseconds
   *******************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00-0800

   Timezone with minute precision
   *******************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mmTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T12:30-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30-0800

   Short date and time
   ********************
   The timezone for this date and time will be taken as UTC (Needs to be surrounded by single or double quotes)

   .. code::

       Format: 'YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm' or "YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm"
       Example: '2017-09-15 17:25'

   Date Only
   **********
   This date will be taken as midnight UTC of that day

   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DD
       Example: 2017-09-15

   Epoch seconds
   **************
   .. code::

       Example: 1412195400

--type-display-name [text]

The source type name.

--type-name [text]

The source type internal name.

--user-parsers [complex type]

An array of custom parsers.

This option is a JSON list with items of type LogAnalyticsParser.  For
documentation on LogAnalyticsParser please see our API reference: htt
ps://docs.cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/loganalytics/20200601/datatypes/L
ogAnalyticsParser. This is a complex type whose value must be valid
JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the command line or
passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--warning-config [integer]

The source warning configuration.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export namespace_name=<substitute-value-of-namespace_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/log-analytics/source/validate-source-extfield-details.html#cmdoption-namespace-name

       oci log-analytics source validate-source-extfield-details --namespace-name $namespace_name
