"create"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Creates a new dashboard. Limit for number of saved searches in a
dashboard is 20. Here’s an example of how you can use CLI to create a
dashboard. For information on the details that must be passed to
CREATE, you can use the GET API to obtain the Create.json file: *oci
management-dashboard dashboard get –management-dashboard-id
“ocid1.managementdashboard.oc1..dashboardId1” –query data >
Create.json.* You can then modify the Create.json file by removing the
*id* attribute and making other required changes, and use the *oci
management-dashboard dashboard create* command.


Usage
=====

   oci management-dashboard dashboard create [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

OCID of the compartment in which the dashboard resides.

--data-config [complex type]

Array of JSON that contain data source options. This is a complex type
whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string
on the command line or passed in as a file using the
file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--description [text]

Description of the dashboard.

--display-name [text]

Display name of the dashboard.

--is-favorite [boolean]

Determines whether the dashboard is set as favorite.

--is-oob-dashboard [boolean]

Determines whether the dashboard is an Out-of-the-Box (OOB) dashboard.
Note that OOB dashboards are only provided by Oracle and cannot be
modified.

--is-show-description [boolean]

Determines whether the description of the dashboard is displayed.

--is-show-in-home [boolean]

Determines whether the dashboard will be displayed in Dashboard Home.

--metadata-version [text]

The version of the metadata defined in the API. This is maintained and
enforced by dashboard server. Currently it is 2.0.

--nls [complex type]

JSON that contains internationalization options. This is a complex
type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a
string on the command line or passed in as a file using the
file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--provider-id [text]

ID of the service (for example, log-analytics) that owns the
dashboard. Each service has a unique ID.

--provider-name [text]

The user friendly name of the service (for example, Logging Analytics)
that owns the dashboard.

--provider-version [text]

The version of the metadata of the provider. This is useful for
provider to version its features and metadata. Any newly created saved
search (or dashboard) should use providerVersion 3.0.0.

--screen-image [text]

Screen image of the dashboard.

--tiles [complex type]

Array of dashboard tiles. This is a complex type whose value must be
valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the command line
or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--type [text]

Type of dashboard. NORMAL denotes a single dashboard and SET denotes a
dashboard set.

--ui-config [complex type]

JSON that contains user interface options. This is a complex type
whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string
on the command line or passed in as a file using the
file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.


Optional Parameters
===================

--dashboard-id [text]

ID of the dashboard, which must only be provided for Out-of-the-Box
(OOB) dashboards.

--defined-tags [complex type]

Defined tags for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a
namespace. Example: *{“foo-namespace”: {“bar-key”: “value”}}* This is
a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be
provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file using
the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--drilldown-config [complex type]

Drill-down configuration to define the destination of a drill-down
action. This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The
value can be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as
a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--features-config [complex type]

Contains configuration for enabling features. This is a complex type
whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string
on the command line or passed in as a file using the
file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--freeform-tags [complex type]

Simple key-value pair that is applied without any predefined name,
type or scope. Exists for cross-compatibility only. Example: *{“bar-
key”: “value”}* This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON.
The value can be provided as a string on the command line or passed in
as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the resource to reach the lifecycle state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--parameters-config [complex type]

Defines parameters for the dashboard. This is a complex type whose
value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the
command line or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file
syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation creates, modifies or deletes a resource that has a
defined lifecycle state. Specify this option to perform the action and
then wait until the resource reaches a given lifecycle state. Multiple
states can be specified, returning on the first state. For example, "
--wait-for-state" SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on
whichever lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a
return code of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1
is returned.

Accepted values are:

   ACTIVE

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the resource has
reached the lifecycle state defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to
30 seconds.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy and paste the following example into a JSON file, replacing the
example parameters with your own.

       oci management-dashboard dashboard create --generate-param-json-input data-config > data-config.json
       oci management-dashboard dashboard create --generate-param-json-input nls > nls.json
       oci management-dashboard dashboard create --generate-param-json-input tiles > tiles.json
       oci management-dashboard dashboard create --generate-param-json-input ui-config > ui-config.json

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/management-dashboard/dashboard/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export description=<substitute-value-of-description> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/management-dashboard/dashboard/create.html#cmdoption-description
       export display_name=<substitute-value-of-display_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/management-dashboard/dashboard/create.html#cmdoption-display-name
       export is_favorite=<substitute-value-of-is_favorite> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/management-dashboard/dashboard/create.html#cmdoption-is-favorite
       export is_oob_dashboard=<substitute-value-of-is_oob_dashboard> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/management-dashboard/dashboard/create.html#cmdoption-is-oob-dashboard
       export is_show_description=<substitute-value-of-is_show_description> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/management-dashboard/dashboard/create.html#cmdoption-is-show-description
       export is_show_in_home=<substitute-value-of-is_show_in_home> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/management-dashboard/dashboard/create.html#cmdoption-is-show-in-home
       export metadata_version=<substitute-value-of-metadata_version> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/management-dashboard/dashboard/create.html#cmdoption-metadata-version
       export provider_id=<substitute-value-of-provider_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/management-dashboard/dashboard/create.html#cmdoption-provider-id
       export provider_name=<substitute-value-of-provider_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/management-dashboard/dashboard/create.html#cmdoption-provider-name
       export provider_version=<substitute-value-of-provider_version> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/management-dashboard/dashboard/create.html#cmdoption-provider-version
       export screen_image=<substitute-value-of-screen_image> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/management-dashboard/dashboard/create.html#cmdoption-screen-image
       export type=<substitute-value-of-type> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/management-dashboard/dashboard/create.html#cmdoption-type

       oci management-dashboard dashboard create --compartment-id $compartment_id --data-config file://data-config.json --description $description --display-name $display_name --is-favorite $is_favorite --is-oob-dashboard $is_oob_dashboard --is-show-description $is_show_description --is-show-in-home $is_show_in_home --metadata-version $metadata_version --nls file://nls.json --provider-id $provider_id --provider-name $provider_name --provider-version $provider_version --screen-image $screen_image --tiles file://tiles.json --type $type --ui-config file://ui-config.json
