"export"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter

* Other Examples


Description
===========

Exports an array of dashboards and their saved searches. Export is
designed to work with importDashboard. Here’s an example of how you
can use CLI to export a dashboard. $oci management-dashboard dashboard
export –query data –export-dashboard-id
“{“dashboardIds”:[“ocid1.managementdashboard.oc1..dashboardId1”]}”  >
dashboards.json


Usage
=====

   oci management-dashboard dashboard export [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--export-dashboard-id [text]

List of dashboardIds in plain text. The syntax is
‘{“dashboardIds”:[“dashboardId1”, “dashboardId2”, …]}’. Escaping is
needed when using in OCI CLI. For example,
“{“dashboardIds”:[“ocid1.managementdashboard.oc1..dashboardId1”]}” .


Optional Parameters
===================

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export export_dashboard_id=<substitute-value-of-export_dashboard_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/management-dashboard/dashboard/export.html#cmdoption-export-dashboard-id

       oci management-dashboard dashboard export --export-dashboard-id $export_dashboard_id


Other Examples
==============


Description
-----------

Run the command below with your dashboard OCID. “dashboards.json” will
be generated and can be used with import command.


Command
-------

    oci management-dashboard dashboard export --query data --export-dashboard-id "{\"dashboardIds\":[\"ocid1.managementdashboard.oc1..dashboardId1\"]}" > dashboards.json


Output
------

   {
    "result": "No output at command line as the response is redirected to the JSON file"
   }
