"copy"
******

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Fast importing configuration items to a destination APM domain ID.


Usage
=====

   oci apm-config export-configuration copy [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--apm-domain-id [text]

The APM Domain ID the request is intended for.

--apm-target-domain-id [text]

The Target APM Domain ID the request is intended for.

--configuration-map [complex type]

Simple key-value pair that has parameters related to the import
process (EnableOcidSubstitution, DestinationDomainID, …) and more.
Example: *{“parameter-key”: “parameter-value”}* Supported parameters:
— Enable the OCIDs in instructions to be replaced, if set to “true”
The Config Service replace any OCIDs it finds in the instructions. —
Destination APM Domain ID where the configuration Item(s) will be fast
imported to. — List of Configuration Type or Groups to be fast
imported. — the compartment Id we will fast import to, if the
compartment Id is not provided it will be the default destination
domain compartmentId. This is a complex type whose value must be valid
JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the command line or
passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.


Optional Parameters
===================

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy and paste the following example into a JSON file, replacing the
example parameters with your own.

       oci apm-config export-configuration copy --generate-param-json-input configuration-map > configuration-map.json

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export apm_domain_id=<substitute-value-of-apm_domain_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/apm-config/export-configuration/copy.html#cmdoption-apm-domain-id
       export apm_target_domain_id=<substitute-value-of-apm_target_domain_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/apm-config/export-configuration/copy.html#cmdoption-apm-target-domain-id

       oci apm-config export-configuration copy --apm-domain-id $apm_domain_id --apm-target-domain-id $apm_target_domain_id --configuration-map file://configuration-map.json
