"post"
******

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Publishes raw metric data points to the Monitoring service. For a data
point to be posted, its timestamp must be near current time (less than
two hours in the past and less than 10 minutes in the future).

For more information about publishing metrics, see Publishing Custom
Metrics and Custom Metrics Walkthrough. For information about
developing a metric-posting client, see Developer Guide. For an
example client, see MonitoringMetricPostExample.java. For important
limits information, see Limits on Monitoring.

Per-call limits information follows.

* Dimensions per metric group*. Maximum: 20. Minimum: 1. * Unique
  metric streams*. Maximum: 50. * Transactions Per Second (TPS) per-
  tenancy limit for this operation: 50.

>>*<<A metric group is the combination of a given metric, metric
namespace, and tenancy for the purpose of determining limits. A
dimension is a qualifier provided in a metric definition. A metric
stream is an individual set of aggregated data for a metric with zero
or more dimension values. For more information about metric-related
concepts, see Monitoring Concepts.

**Note:** The endpoints for this operation differ from other
Monitoring operations. Replace the string *telemetry* with *telemetry-
ingestion* in the endpoint, as in the following example:

https://telemetry-ingestion.eu-frankfurt-1.oraclecloud.com


Usage
=====

   oci monitoring metric-data post [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--metric-data [complex type]

A metric object containing raw metric data points to be posted to the
Monitoring service. This is a complex type whose value must be valid
JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the command line or
passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.


Optional Parameters
===================

--batch-atomicity [text]

Batch atomicity behavior. Requires either partial or full pass of
input validation for metric objects in PostMetricData requests. The
default value of NON_ATOMIC requires a partial pass: at least one
metric object in the request must pass input validation, and any
objects that failed validation are identified in the returned summary,
along with their error messages. A value of ATOMIC requires a full
pass: all metric objects in the request must pass input validation.

Example:

   NON_ATOMIC

Accepted values are:

   ATOMIC, NON_ATOMIC

--content-encoding [text]

The optional Content-Encoding header that defines the content
encodings that were applied to the payload.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy and paste the following example into a JSON file, replacing the
example parameters with your own.

       oci monitoring metric-data post --generate-param-json-input metric-data > metric-data.json

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       oci monitoring metric-data post --metric-data file://metric-data.json
