"summarize-metrics-data"
************************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Returns aggregated data that match the criteria specified in the
request. Compartment OCID required. For information on metric queries,
see [Building Metric Queries].


Usage
=====

   oci monitoring metric-data summarize-metrics-data [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment containing the resources monitored by the
metric that you are searching for. Use tenancyId to search in the root
compartment.

Example:

   ocid1.compartment.oc1..exampleuniqueID

--namespace [text]

The source service or application to use when searching for metric
data points to aggregate.

Example:

   oci_computeagent

--query-text [text]

The Monitoring Query Language (MQL) expression to use when searching
for metric data points to aggregate. The query must specify a metric,
statistic, and interval. Supported values for interval: *1m*-*60m*
(also *1h*). You can optionally specify dimensions and grouping
functions. Supported grouping functions: *grouping()*, *groupBy()*.
For details about Monitoring Query Language (MQL), see Monitoring
Query Language (MQL) Reference. For available dimensions, review the
metric definition for the supported service. See Supported Services.

Example:

   CpuUtilization[1m].sum()


Optional Parameters
===================

--compartment-id-in-subtree [boolean]

When true, returns resources from all compartments and
subcompartments. The parameter can only be set to true when
compartmentId is the tenancy OCID (the tenancy is the root
compartment). A true value requires the user to have tenancy-level
permissions. If this requirement is not met, then the call is
rejected. When false, returns resources from only the compartment
specified in compartmentId. Default is false.

--end-time [datetime]

The end of the time range to use when searching for metric data
points. Format is defined by RFC3339. The response excludes metric
data points for the endTime. Default value: the timestamp representing
when the call was sent.

Example: *2023-02-01T02:02:29.600Z*

   The following datetime formats are supported:


UTC with microseconds
---------------------

   Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.ssssssTZD
   Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00.123456Z

   UTC with milliseconds
   ***********************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.sssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00.123Z

   UTC without milliseconds
   **************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00Z

   UTC with minute precision
   **************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mmTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T20:30Z


Timezone with microseconds
--------------------------

   Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
   Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456789-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456789-0800

   Timezone with milliseconds
   ***************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456-0800

   Timezone without milliseconds
   *******************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00-0800

   Timezone with minute precision
   *******************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mmTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T12:30-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30-0800

   Short date and time
   ********************
   The timezone for this date and time will be taken as UTC (Needs to be surrounded by single or double quotes)

   .. code::

       Format: 'YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm' or "YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm"
       Example: '2017-09-15 17:25'

   Date Only
   **********
   This date will be taken as midnight UTC of that day

   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DD
       Example: 2017-09-15

   Epoch seconds
   **************
   .. code::

       Example: 1412195400

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--resolution [text]

The time between calculated aggregation windows. Use with the query
interval to vary the frequency for returning aggregated data points.
For example, use a query interval of 5 minutes with a resolution of 1
minute to retrieve five-minute aggregations at a one-minute frequency.
The resolution must be equal or less than the interval in the query.
The default resolution is 1m (one minute). Supported values:
*1m*-*60m*, *1h*-*24h*, *1d*.

Example:

   5m

--resource-group [text]

Resource group that you want to match. A null value returns only
metric data that has no resource groups. The specified resource group
must exist in the definition of the posted metric. Only one resource
group can be applied per metric. A valid resourceGroup value starts
with an alphabetical character and includes only alphanumeric
characters, periods (.), underscores (_), hyphens (-), and dollar
signs ($).

Example:

   frontend-fleet

--start-time [datetime]

The beginning of the time range to use when searching for metric data
points. Format is defined by RFC3339. The response includes metric
data points for the startTime. Default value: the timestamp 3 hours
before the call was sent.

Example: *2023-02-01T01:02:29.600Z*

   The following datetime formats are supported:


UTC with microseconds
---------------------

   Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.ssssssTZD
   Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00.123456Z

   UTC with milliseconds
   ***********************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.sssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00.123Z

   UTC without milliseconds
   **************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00Z

   UTC with minute precision
   **************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mmTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T20:30Z


Timezone with microseconds
--------------------------

   Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
   Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456789-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456789-0800

   Timezone with milliseconds
   ***************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456-0800

   Timezone without milliseconds
   *******************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00-0800

   Timezone with minute precision
   *******************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mmTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T12:30-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30-0800

   Short date and time
   ********************
   The timezone for this date and time will be taken as UTC (Needs to be surrounded by single or double quotes)

   .. code::

       Format: 'YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm' or "YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm"
       Example: '2017-09-15 17:25'

   Date Only
   **********
   This date will be taken as midnight UTC of that day

   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DD
       Example: 2017-09-15

   Epoch seconds
   **************
   .. code::

       Example: 1412195400


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/monitoring/metric-data/summarize-metrics-data.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export namespace=<substitute-value-of-namespace> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/monitoring/metric-data/summarize-metrics-data.html#cmdoption-namespace
       export query_text=<substitute-value-of-query_text> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/monitoring/metric-data/summarize-metrics-data.html#cmdoption-query-text

       oci monitoring metric-data summarize-metrics-data --compartment-id $compartment_id --namespace $namespace --query-text $query_text
