"create-akamai-stream-cdn-config"
*********************************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Creates a new CDN Configuration.


Usage
=====

   oci media-services stream-cdn-config create-akamai-stream-cdn-config [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--display-name [text]

CDN Config display name, which can be renamed and is not necessarily
unique. Avoid entering confidential information.

--distribution-channel-id [text]

Distribution Channel Identifier.


Optional Parameters
===================

--config-edge-hostname [text]

The hostname of the CDN edge server to use when building CDN URLs.

--config-edge-path-prefix [text]

The path to prepend when building CDN URLs.

--config-edge-token-key [text]

The encryption key to use for edge token authentication.

--config-edge-token-salt [text]

Salt to use when encrypting authentication token.

--config-is-edge-token-auth [boolean]

Whether token authentication should be used at the CDN edge.

--config-origin-auth-secret-key-a [text]

The shared secret key A, two for errorless key rotation.

--config-origin-auth-secret-key-b [text]

The shared secret key B, two for errorless key rotation.

--config-origin-auth-secret-key-nonce-a [text]

Nonce identifier for originAuthSecretKeyA (used to determine key used
to sign).

--config-origin-auth-secret-key-nonce-b [text]

Nonce identifier for originAuthSecretKeyB (used to determine key used
to sign).

--config-origin-auth-sign-encryption [text]

The type of encryption used to compute the signature.

Accepted values are:

   SHA256-HMAC

--config-origin-auth-sign-type [text]

The type of data used to compute the signature.

Accepted values are:

   ForwardURL

--defined-tags [complex type]

Defined tags for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a
namespace. Example: *{“foo-namespace”: {“bar-key”: “value”}}* This is
a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be
provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file using
the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--freeform-tags [complex type]

Simple key-value pair that is applied without any predefined name,
type or scope. Exists for cross-compatibility only. Example: *{“bar-
key”: “value”}* This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON.
The value can be provided as a string on the command line or passed in
as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--is-enabled [boolean]

Whether publishing to CDN is enabled.

--locks [complex type]

Locks associated with this resource.

This option is a JSON list with items of type ResourceLock.  For
documentation on ResourceLock please see our API reference: https://d
ocs.cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/mediaservices/20211101/datatypes/Resour
ceLock. This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The
value can be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as
a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the resource to reach the lifecycle state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation creates, modifies or deletes a resource that has a
defined lifecycle state. Specify this option to perform the action and
then wait until the resource reaches a given lifecycle state. Multiple
states can be specified, returning on the first state. For example, "
--wait-for-state" SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on
whichever lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a
return code of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1
is returned.

Accepted values are:

   ACTIVE, DELETED, NEEDS_ATTENTION

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the resource has
reached the lifecycle state defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to
30 seconds.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export display_name=<substitute-value-of-display_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/media-services/stream-cdn-config/create-akamai-stream-cdn-config.html#cmdoption-display-name
       export distribution_channel_id=<substitute-value-of-distribution_channel_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/media-services/stream-cdn-config/create-akamai-stream-cdn-config.html#cmdoption-distribution-channel-id

       oci media-services stream-cdn-config create-akamai-stream-cdn-config --display-name $display_name --distribution-channel-id $distribution_channel_id
