"list-ip-inventory"
*******************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Lists the IP Inventory information in the selected compartments.


Usage
=====

   oci network ipam list-ip-inventory [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-list [complex type]

List the OCID of the compartments. This is a complex type whose value
must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the
command line or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file
syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--region-list [complex type]

Lists the selected regions. This is a complex type whose value must be
valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the command line
or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.


Optional Parameters
===================

--address-type-list [complex type]

List of IP address types used.

This option is a JSON list with items of type AddressType.  For
documentation on AddressType please see our API reference: https://do
cs.cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/iaas/20160918/datatypes/AddressType. This
is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be
provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file using
the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--all

Fetches all pages of results.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--overlapping-vcns-only [boolean]

List of overlapping VCNs.

--override-filters [boolean]

List of selected filters.

--pagination-limit [integer]

Specifies the maximum number of results displayed per page for a
paginated “List” call. For more information, see List Pagination.
Example: *50*

--pagination-offset [integer]

Most List operations paginate results. Results are paginated for the
ListInstances operations. When you call a paginated List operation,
the response indicates more pages of results by including the opc-
next-page header. For more information, see List Pagination.

--resource-type-list [text]

List of VCN resource types.

Accepted values are:

   Resource

--search-keyword [text]

Filters the results for the specified string.

--sort-by [text]

Provide the sort order (*sortOrder*) to sort the fields such as
TIMECREATED in descending or descending order, and DISPLAYNAME in case
sensitive.

**Note:** For some “List” operations (for example, *ListInstances*),
sort resources by an availability domain when the resources belong to
a single availability domain. If you sort the “List” operations
without specifying an availability domain, the resources are grouped
by availability domains and then sorted.

Accepted values are:

   DISPLAYNAME, DNS_HOSTNAME, REGION, UTILIZATION

--sort-order [text]

Specifies the sort order to use. Select either ascending (*ASC*) or
descending (*DESC*) order. The DISPLAYNAME sort order is case
sensitive.

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC

--utilization [float]

The CIDR utilization of a VCN.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy and paste the following example into a JSON file, replacing the
example parameters with your own.

       oci network ipam list-ip-inventory --generate-param-json-input compartment-list > compartment-list.json
       oci network ipam list-ip-inventory --generate-param-json-input region-list > region-list.json

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       oci network ipam list-ip-inventory --compartment-list file://compartment-list.json --region-list file://region-list.json
