"create"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

**Deprecated. Use `CreateAuthToken <https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-
us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/iam/auth-
token/create.html>`__ instead.**

Creates a new Swift password for the specified user. For information
about what Swift passwords are for, see Managing User Credentials.

You must specify a *description* for the Swift password (although it
can be an empty string). It does not have to be unique, and you can
change it anytime with UpdateSwiftPassword.

Every user has permission to create a Swift password for *their own
user ID*. An administrator in your organization does not need to write
a policy to give users this ability. To compare, administrators who
have permission to the tenancy can use this operation to create a
Swift password for any user, including themselves.


Usage
=====

   oci iam user swift-password create [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--description [text]

The description you assign to the Swift password during creation. Does
not have to be unique, and it’s changeable.

(For tenancies that support identity domains) You can have an empty
description.

--user-id [text]

The OCID of the user.


Optional Parameters
===================

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export description=<substitute-value-of-description> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/iam/user/create.html#cmdoption-description
       export name=<substitute-value-of-name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/iam/user/create.html#cmdoption-name

       user_id=$(oci iam user create --description $description --name $name --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci iam user swift-password create --description $description --user-id $user_id
