"create"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Creates a new script.


Usage
=====

   oci apm-synthetics script create [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--apm-domain-id [text]

The APM domain ID the request is intended for.

--content [text]

The content of the script. It may contain custom-defined tags that can
be used for setting dynamic parameters. The format to set dynamic
parameters is: *<ORAP><ON>param name</ON><OV>param
value</OV><OS>isParamValueSecret(true/false)</OS></ORAP>*. Param value
and isParamValueSecret are optional, the default value for
isParamValueSecret is false. Examples: With mandatory param name :
*<ORAP><ON>param name</ON></ORAP>* With parameter name and value :
*<ORAP><ON>param name</ON><OV>param value</OV></ORAP>* Note that the
content is valid if it matches the given content type. For example, if
the content type is SIDE, then the content should be in Side script
format. If the content type is JS, then the content should be in
JavaScript format.

--content-type [text]

Content type of script.

Accepted values are:

   JS, SIDE

--display-name [text]

Unique name that can be edited. The name should not contain any
confidential information.


Optional Parameters
===================

--content-file-name [text]

File name of uploaded script content.

--defined-tags [complex type]

Defined tags for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a
namespace. Example: *{“foo-namespace”: {“bar-key”: “value”}}* This is
a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be
provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file using
the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--freeform-tags [complex type]

Simple key-value pair that is applied without any predefined name,
type or scope. Exists for cross-compatibility only. Example: *{“bar-
key”: “value”}* This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON.
The value can be provided as a string on the command line or passed in
as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--parameters [complex type]

List of script parameters. Example: *[{“paramName”: “userid”,
“paramValue”:”testuser”, “isSecret”: false}]*

This option is a JSON list with items of type ScriptParameter.  For
documentation on ScriptParameter please see our API reference: https:
//docs.cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/apmsynthetic/20200630/datatypes/Scri
ptParameter. This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON.
The value can be provided as a string on the command line or passed in
as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export apm_domain_id=<substitute-value-of-apm_domain_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/apm-synthetics/script/create.html#cmdoption-apm-domain-id
       export content=<substitute-value-of-content> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/apm-synthetics/script/create.html#cmdoption-content
       export content_type=<substitute-value-of-content_type> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/apm-synthetics/script/create.html#cmdoption-content-type
       export display_name=<substitute-value-of-display_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/apm-synthetics/script/create.html#cmdoption-display-name

       oci apm-synthetics script create --apm-domain-id $apm_domain_id --content $content --content-type $content_type --display-name $display_name
