"get"
*****

* Description

* Usage

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Each Oracle Cloud Infrastructure tenant is assigned one unique and
uneditable Object Storage namespace. The namespace is a system-
generated string assigned during account creation. For some older
tenancies, the namespace string may be the tenancy name in all lower-
case letters. You cannot edit a namespace.

GetNamespace returns the name of the Object Storage namespace for the
user making the request. If an optional compartmentId query parameter
is provided, GetNamespace returns the namespace name of the
corresponding tenancy, provided the user has access to it.


Usage
=====

   oci os ns get [OPTIONS]


Optional Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

This is an optional field representing either the tenancy OCID or the
compartment OCID within the tenancy whose Object Storage namespace is
to be retrieved.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       oci os ns get
