"update"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Updates the specified log group’s display name, description, defined
tags, and free-form tags.


Usage
=====

   oci log-analytics log-group update [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--namespace-name [text]

The Logging Analytics namespace used for the request.


Optional Parameters
===================

--defined-tags [complex type]

Defined tags for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a
namespace. Example: *{“foo-namespace”: {“bar-key”: “value”}}* This is
a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be
provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file using
the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--description [text]

Description for this resource.

--display-name [text]

A user-friendly name that is changeable and that does not have to be
unique. Format: a leading alphanumeric, followed by zero or more
alphanumerics, underscores, spaces, backslashes, or hyphens in any
order). No trailing spaces allowed.

--force

Perform update without prompting for confirmation.

--freeform-tags [complex type]

Simple key-value pair that is applied without any predefined name,
type or scope. Exists for cross-compatibility only. Example: *{“bar-
key”: “value”}* This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON.
The value can be provided as a string on the command line or passed in
as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--if-match [text]

For optimistic concurrency control. In the PUT or DELETE call for a
resource, set the *if-match* parameter to the value of the etag from a
previous GET or POST response for that resource. The resource will be
updated or deleted only if the etag you provide matches the resource’s
current etag value.

--log-group-id [text]

The log group OCID


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"
