"update-exadata-iorm-config"
****************************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Updates IORM settings for the specified Exadata DB system.

**Note:** Deprecated for Exadata Cloud Service systems. Use the new
resource model APIs instead.

For Exadata Cloud Service instances, support for this API will end on
May 15th, 2021. See Switching an Exadata DB System to the New Resource
Model and APIs for details on converting existing Exadata DB systems
to the new resource model.

The UpdateCloudVmClusterIormConfig API is used for Exadata systems
using the new resource model.


Usage
=====

   oci db system update-exadata-iorm-config [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--db-system-id [text]

The DB system OCID.


Optional Parameters
===================

--db-plans [complex type]

Array of IORM Setting for all the database in this Exadata DB System

This option is a JSON list with items of type
DbIormConfigUpdateDetail.  For documentation on
dbIormConfigUpdateDetail please see our API reference: https://docs.c
loud.oracle.com/api/#/en/database/20160918/datatypes/DbIormConfigUpda
teDetail. This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The
value can be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as
a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--force

Perform update without prompting for confirmation.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--if-match [text]

For optimistic concurrency control. In the PUT or DELETE call for a
resource, set the *if-match* parameter to the value of the etag from a
previous GET or POST response for that resource.  The resource will be
updated or deleted only if the etag you provide matches the resource’s
current etag value.

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the resource to reach the lifecycle state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--objective [text]

Value for the IORM objective Default is “Auto”

Accepted values are:

   AUTO, BALANCED, BASIC, HIGH_THROUGHPUT, LOW_LATENCY

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation creates, modifies or deletes a resource that has a
defined lifecycle state. Specify this option to perform the action and
then wait until the resource reaches a given lifecycle state. Multiple
states can be specified, returning on the first state. For example, "
--wait-for-state" SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on
whichever lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a
return code of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1
is returned.

Accepted values are:

   BOOTSTRAPPING, DISABLED, ENABLED, FAILED, UPDATING

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the resource has
reached the lifecycle state defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to
30 seconds.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export db_system_id=<substitute-value-of-db_system_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/system/update-exadata-iorm-config.html#cmdoption-db-system-id

       oci db system update-exadata-iorm-config --db-system-id $db_system_id
