"create-db-system-oci-optimized-storage-details"
************************************************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Creates a new database system.


Usage
=====

   oci psql db-system create-db-system-oci-optimized-storage-details [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment that contains the database system.

--credentials [complex type]

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--db-version [text]

Version of database system software.

--display-name [text]

A user-friendly display name for the database system. Avoid entering
confidential information.

--network-details [complex type]

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--shape [text]

The name of the shape for the database instance node. Use the /shapes
API for accepted shapes. Example: *VM.Standard.E4.Flex*

--storage-details-is-regionally-durable [boolean]

Specifies if the block volume used for the database system is regional
or AD-local. If not specified, it will be set to false. If
*isRegionallyDurable* is set to true, *availabilityDomain* should not
be specified. If *isRegionallyDurable* is set to false,
*availabilityDomain* must be specified.


Optional Parameters
===================

--config-id [text]

The OCID of the configuration associated with the database system.

--defined-tags [complex type]

Defined tags for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a
namespace. Example: *{“foo-namespace”: {“bar-key”: “value”}}* This is
a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be
provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file using
the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--description [text]

A user-provided description of a database system.

--freeform-tags [complex type]

Simple key-value pair that is applied without any predefined name,
type or scope. Exists for cross-compatibility only. Example: *{“bar-
key”: “value”}* This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON.
The value can be provided as a string on the command line or passed in
as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--instance-count [integer]

Count of database instances nodes to be created in the database
system.

--instance-memory-size-in-gbs [integer]

The total amount of memory available to each database instance node,
in gigabytes.

--instance-ocpu-count [integer]

The total number of OCPUs available to each database instance node.

--instances-details [complex type]

Details of database instances nodes to be created. This parameter is
optional. If specified, its size must match *instanceCount*.

This option is a JSON list with items of type CreateDbInstanceDetails.
For documentation on CreateDbInstanceDetails please see our API
reference: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/postgresql/20220915
/datatypes/CreateDbInstanceDetails. This is a complex type whose value
must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the
command line or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file
syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--management-policy [complex type]

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the work request to reach the state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--source [complex type]

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--storage-details-availability-domain [text]

Specifies the availability domain of AD-local storage. If
*isRegionallyDurable* is set to true, *availabilityDomain* should not
be specified. If *isRegionallyDurable* is set to false,
*availabilityDomain* must be specified.

--storage-details-iops [integer]

Guaranteed input/output storage requests per second (IOPS) available
to the database system.

--system-type [text]

Type of the database system.

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation asynchronously creates, modifies or deletes a resource
and uses a work request to track the progress of the operation.
Specify this option to perform the action and then wait until the work
request reaches a certain state. Multiple states can be specified,
returning on the first state. For example, "--wait-for-state"
SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on whichever
lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a return code
of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1 is returned.

Accepted values are:

   ACCEPTED, CANCELED, CANCELING, FAILED, IN_PROGRESS, SUCCEEDED, WAITING

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the work request
has reached the state defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 30
seconds.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy and paste the following example into a JSON file, replacing the
example parameters with your own.

       oci psql db-system create-db-system-oci-optimized-storage-details --generate-param-json-input credentials > credentials.json
       oci psql db-system create-db-system-oci-optimized-storage-details --generate-param-json-input network-details > network-details.json

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/psql/db-system/create-db-system-oci-optimized-storage-details.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export db_version=<substitute-value-of-db_version> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/psql/db-system/create-db-system-oci-optimized-storage-details.html#cmdoption-db-version
       export display_name=<substitute-value-of-display_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/psql/db-system/create-db-system-oci-optimized-storage-details.html#cmdoption-display-name
       export shape=<substitute-value-of-shape> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/psql/db-system/create-db-system-oci-optimized-storage-details.html#cmdoption-shape
       export storage_details_is_regionally_durable=<substitute-value-of-storage_details_is_regionally_durable> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/psql/db-system/create-db-system-oci-optimized-storage-details.html#cmdoption-storage-details-is-regionally-durable

       oci psql db-system create-db-system-oci-optimized-storage-details --compartment-id $compartment_id --credentials file://credentials.json --db-version $db_version --display-name $display_name --network-details file://network-details.json --shape $shape --storage-details-is-regionally-durable $storage_details_is_regionally_durable
