"list"
******

* Description

* Usage

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Lists software sources that match the specified tenancy or software
source OCID. Filter the list against a variety of criteria including
but not limited to its name, status, architecture, and OS family.


Usage
=====

   oci os-management-hub software-source list [OPTIONS]


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--arch-type [text]

A filter to return only instances whose architecture type matches the
given architecture.

Accepted values are:

   AARCH64, I386, I686, NOARCH, SRC, X86_64

--availability [text]

The availability of the software source in a non-OCI environment for a
tenancy.

Accepted values are:

   AVAILABLE, RESTRICTED, SELECTED, UNAVAILABLE

--availability-anywhere [text]

The availability of the software source. Use this query parameter to
filter across availabilities in different environments.

Accepted values are:

   AVAILABLE, RESTRICTED, SELECTED, UNAVAILABLE

--availability-at-oci [text]

The availability of the software source in an OCI environment for a
tenancy.

Accepted values are:

   AVAILABLE, RESTRICTED, SELECTED, UNAVAILABLE

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment that contains the resources to list. This
filter returns only resources contained within the specified
compartment.

--display-name [text]

A filter to return resources that match the given user-friendly name.

--display-name-contains [text]

A filter to return resources that may partially match the given
display name.

--display-name-ne [text]

A multi filter to return resources that do not contains the given
display names.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--is-mandatory-for-alx [boolean]

Indicates whether the software source is mandatory for the Autonomous
Linux service.

--is-mirror-sync-allowed [boolean]

A filter to return software sources which can be synced to a
management station.

--lifecycle-state [text]

A filter to return only software sources whose state matches the given
state.

Accepted values are:

   ACTIVE, CREATING, DELETED, DELETING, FAILED, INACTIVE, NEEDS_ATTENTION, UPDATING

--limit [integer]

For list pagination. The maximum number of results per page, or items
to return in a paginated “List” call. For important details about how
pagination works, see List Pagination.

Example:

   50

--os-family [text]

A filter to return only resources that match the given operating
system family.

Accepted values are:

   ALL, ORACLE_LINUX_6, ORACLE_LINUX_7, ORACLE_LINUX_8, ORACLE_LINUX_9, WINDOWS_SERVER_2016, WINDOWS_SERVER_2019, WINDOWS_SERVER_2022

--page [text]

For list pagination. The value of the *opc-next-page* response header
from the previous “List” call. For important details about how
pagination works, see List Pagination.

Example:

   3

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--software-source-id [text]

The OCID for the software source.

--software-source-type [text]

The type of the software source.

Accepted values are:

   CUSTOM, PRIVATE, THIRD_PARTY, VENDOR, VERSIONED

--sort-by [text]

The field to sort by. Only one sort order may be provided. Default
order for timeCreated is descending. Default order for displayName is
ascending.

Accepted values are:

   displayName, timeCreated

--sort-order [text]

The sort order to use, either ‘ASC’ or ‘DESC’.

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC

--vendor-name [text]

A filter to return only resources that match the given vendor name.

Accepted values are:

   MICROSOFT, ORACLE


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       oci os-management-hub software-source list
