"create"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

(For tenancies that support identity domains) Creates a new identity
domain in the tenancy with the identity domain home in *homeRegion*.
After you send your request, the temporary *lifecycleState* of this
identity domain is set to CREATING and *lifecycleDetails* to UPDATING.
When creation of the identity domain completes, this identity domain’s
*lifecycleState* is set to ACTIVE and *lifecycleDetails* to null.

To track the progress of the request, submitting an HTTP GET on the
/iamWorkRequests/{iamWorkRequestsId} endpoint retrieves the
operation’s status.

After creating an *identity domain*, first make sure its
*lifecycleState* changes from CREATING to ACTIVE before you use it.


Usage
=====

   oci iam domain create [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment where the identity domain is created.

--description [text]

The identity domain description. You can have an empty description.

--display-name [text]

The mutable display name of the identity domain.

--home-region [text]

The region’s name identifier. See Regions and Availability Domains for
the full list of supported region names.

Example:

   us-phoenix-1

--license-type [text]

The license type of the identity domain.


Optional Parameters
===================

--admin-email [text]

The administrator’s email address.

--admin-first-name [text]

The administrator’s first name.

--admin-last-name [text]

The administrator’s last name.

--admin-user-name [text]

The administrator’s user name.

--defined-tags [complex type]

Defined tags for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a
namespace. For more information, see Resource Tags. Example:
*{“Operations”: {“CostCenter”: “42”}}* This is a complex type whose
value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the
command line or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file
syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--freeform-tags [complex type]

Free-form tags for this resource. Each tag is a simple key-value pair
with no predefined name, type, or namespace. For more information, see
Resource Tags. Example: *{“Department”: “Finance”}* This is a complex
type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a
string on the command line or passed in as a file using the
file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--is-hidden-on-login [boolean]

Indicates whether the identity domain is hidden on the sign-in screen
or not.

--is-notification-bypassed [boolean]

Indicates whether or not the administrator user created in the IDCS
stripe would like to receive notifications like a welcome email. This
field is required only if admin information is provided. This field is
otherwise optional.

--is-primary-email-required [boolean]

Optional field to indicate whether users in the identity domain are
required to have a primary email address or not. The default is true.

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the work request to reach the state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation asynchronously creates, modifies or deletes a resource
and uses a work request to track the progress of the operation.
Specify this option to perform the action and then wait until the work
request reaches a certain state. Multiple states can be specified,
returning on the first state. For example, "--wait-for-state"
SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on whichever
lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a return code
of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1 is returned.

Accepted values are:

   ACCEPTED, CANCELED, CANCELING, FAILED, IN_PROGRESS, SUCCEEDED

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the work request
has reached the state defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 30
seconds.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/iam/domain/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export description=<substitute-value-of-description> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/iam/domain/create.html#cmdoption-description
       export display_name=<substitute-value-of-display_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/iam/domain/create.html#cmdoption-display-name
       export home_region=<substitute-value-of-home_region> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/iam/domain/create.html#cmdoption-home-region
       export license_type=<substitute-value-of-license_type> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/iam/domain/create.html#cmdoption-license-type

       oci iam domain create --compartment-id $compartment_id --description $description --display-name $display_name --home-region $home_region --license-type $license_type
