"get"
*****

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Gets information about the specified Scheduled Action.


Usage
=====

   oci db scheduled-action get [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--scheduled-action-id [text]

The Scheduled Action OCID.


Optional Parameters
===================

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy and paste the following example into a JSON file, replacing the
example parameters with your own.

       oci db scheduling-window create --generate-param-json-input window-preference > window-preference.json

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export cadence=<substitute-value-of-cadence> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/scheduling-policy/create.html#cmdoption-cadence
       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/scheduling-policy/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export display_name=<substitute-value-of-display_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/scheduling-policy/create.html#cmdoption-display-name
       export resource_id=<substitute-value-of-resource_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/scheduling-plan/create.html#cmdoption-resource-id
       export service_type=<substitute-value-of-service_type> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/scheduling-plan/create.html#cmdoption-service-type
       export scheduling_policy_id=<substitute-value-of-scheduling_policy_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/scheduling-window/create.html#cmdoption-scheduling-policy-id
       export action_type=<substitute-value-of-action_type> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/scheduled-action/create.html#cmdoption-action-type

       scheduling_policy_id=$(oci db scheduling-policy create --cadence $cadence --compartment-id $compartment_id --display-name $display_name --query data.id --raw-output)

       scheduling_plan_id=$(oci db scheduling-plan create --compartment-id $compartment_id --resource-id $resource_id --scheduling-policy-id $scheduling_policy_id --service-type $service_type --query data.id --raw-output)

       scheduling_window_id=$(oci db scheduling-window create --scheduling-policy-id $scheduling_policy_id --window-preference file://window-preference.json --query data.id --raw-output)

       scheduled_action_id=$(oci db scheduled-action create --action-type $action_type --compartment-id $compartment_id --scheduling-plan-id $scheduling_plan_id --scheduling-window-id $scheduling_window_id --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci db scheduled-action get --scheduled-action-id $scheduled_action_id
