"create"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Creates a new virtual circuit to use with Oracle Cloud Infrastructure
FastConnect. For more information, see FastConnect Overview.

For the purposes of access control, you must provide the OCID of the
compartment where you want the virtual circuit to reside. If you’re
not sure which compartment to use, put the virtual circuit in the same
compartment with the DRG it’s using. For more information about
compartments and access control, see Overview of the IAM Service. For
information about OCIDs, see Resource Identifiers.

You may optionally specify a *display name* for the virtual circuit.
It does not have to be unique, and you can change it. Avoid entering
confidential information.

**Important:** When creating a virtual circuit, you specify a DRG for
the traffic to flow through. Make sure you attach the DRG to your VCN
and confirm the VCN’s routing sends traffic to the DRG. Otherwise
traffic will not flow. For more information, see Route Tables.


Usage
=====

   oci network virtual-circuit create [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment to contain the virtual circuit.

--type [text]

The type of IP addresses used in this virtual circuit. PRIVATE means
RFC 1918 addresses (10.0.0.0/8, 172.16/12, and 192.168/16).

Accepted values are:

   PRIVATE, PUBLIC


Optional Parameters
===================

--bandwidth-shape-name [text]

The provisioned data rate of the connection. To get a list of the
available bandwidth levels (that is, shapes), see
ListFastConnectProviderServiceVirtualCircuitBandwidthShapes.

Example:

   10 Gbps

--bgp-admin-state [text]

Set to *ENABLED* (the default) to activate the BGP session of the
virtual circuit, set to *DISABLED* to deactivate the virtual circuit.

Accepted values are:

   DISABLED, ENABLED

--cross-connect-mappings [complex type]

Create a *CrossConnectMapping* for each cross-connect or cross-connect
group this virtual circuit will run on.

This option is a JSON list with items of type CrossConnectMapping.
For documentation on CrossConnectMapping please see our API reference:
https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/iaas/20160918/datatypes/CrossC
onnectMapping. This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON.
The value can be provided as a string on the command line or passed in
as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--customer-asn [integer]

Your BGP ASN (either public or private). Provide this value only if
there’s a BGP session that goes from your edge router to Oracle.
Otherwise, leave this empty or null. Can be a 2-byte or 4-byte ASN.
Uses “asplain” format.

Example:

   12345` (2-byte) or `1587232876` (4-byte)

--customer-bgp-asn [integer]

Deprecated. Instead use *customerAsn*. If you specify values for both,
the request will be rejected.

--defined-tags [complex type]

Defined tags for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a
namespace. For more information, see Resource Tags.

Example:

   {"Operations": {"CostCenter": "42"}}

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--display-name [text]

A user-friendly name. Does not have to be unique, and it’s changeable.
Avoid entering confidential information.

--freeform-tags [complex type]

Free-form tags for this resource. Each tag is a simple key-value pair
with no predefined name, type, or namespace. For more information, see
Resource Tags.

Example:

   {"Department": "Finance"}

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--gateway-id [text]

For private virtual circuits only. The OCID of the dynamic routing
gateway (DRG) that this virtual circuit uses.

--ip-mtu [text]

The layer 3 IP MTU to use with this virtual circuit.

Accepted values are:

   MTU_1500, MTU_9000

--is-bfd-enabled [boolean]

Set to *true* to enable BFD for IPv4 BGP peering, or set to *false* to
disable BFD. If this is not set, the default is *false*.

--is-transport-mode [boolean]

Set to *true* for the virtual circuit to carry only encrypted traffic,
or set to *false* for the virtual circuit to carry unencrypted
traffic. If this is not set, the default is *false*.

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the resource to reach the lifecycle state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--provider-name [text]

Deprecated. Instead use *providerServiceId*. To get a list of the
provider names, see ListFastConnectProviderServices.

--provider-service-id [text]

The OCID of the service offered by the provider (if you’re connecting
via a provider). To get a list of the available service offerings, see
ListFastConnectProviderServices.

--provider-service-key-name [text]

The service key name offered by the provider (if the customer is
connecting via a provider).

--provider-service-name [text]

Deprecated. Instead use *providerServiceId*. To get a list of the
provider names, see ListFastConnectProviderServices.

--public-prefixes [complex type]

For a public virtual circuit. The public IP prefixes (CIDRs) the
customer wants to advertise across the connection.

This option is a JSON list with items of type
CreateVirtualCircuitPublicPrefixDetails.  For documentation on
CreateVirtualCircuitPublicPrefixDetails please see our API reference: 
https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/iaas/20160918/datatypes/Create
VirtualCircuitPublicPrefixDetails. This is a complex type whose value
must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the
command line or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file
syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--routing-policy [text]

The routing policy sets how routing information about the Oracle cloud
is shared over a public virtual circuit. Policies available are:
*ORACLE_SERVICE_NETWORK*, *REGIONAL*, *MARKET_LEVEL*, and *GLOBAL*.
See Route Filtering for details. By default, routing information is
shared for all routes in the same market.

Accepted values are:

   GLOBAL, MARKET_LEVEL, ORACLE_SERVICE_NETWORK, REGIONAL

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation creates, modifies or deletes a resource that has a
defined lifecycle state. Specify this option to perform the action and
then wait until the resource reaches a given lifecycle state. Multiple
states can be specified, returning on the first state. For example, "
--wait-for-state" SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on
whichever lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a
return code of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1
is returned.

Accepted values are:

   FAILED, INACTIVE, PENDING_PROVIDER, PROVISIONED, PROVISIONING, TERMINATED, TERMINATING, VERIFYING

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the resource has
reached the lifecycle state defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to
30 seconds.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/network/virtual-circuit/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export type=<substitute-value-of-type> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/network/virtual-circuit/create.html#cmdoption-type

       oci network virtual-circuit create --compartment-id $compartment_id --type $type
