"to-object"
***********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Exports the specified image to the Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Object
Storage Service using the namespace, bucket name, and object name to
identify the location to export to.

For more information about exporting images, see Image Import/Export.

To perform an image export, you need write access to the Object
Storage Service bucket for the image, see Let Users Write Objects to
Object Storage Buckets.


Usage
=====

   oci compute image export to-object [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

-bn, --bucket-name [text]

The name of the bucket to export the image to.

--image-id [text]

The OCID of the image.

--name [text]

The name which will be given to the exported image object.

-ns, --namespace [text]

The Object Storage Service namespace to export the image to.


Optional Parameters
===================

--export-format [text]

The format to export the image to. The default value is *OCI*.

The following image formats are available:

* *OCI* - Oracle Cloud Infrastructure file with a QCOW2 image and
  Oracle Cloud Infrastructure metadata (.oci). Use this format to
  export a custom image that you want to import into other tenancies
  or regions. - *QCOW2* - QEMU Copy On Write (.qcow2) - *VDI* -
  Virtual Disk Image (.vdi) for Oracle VM VirtualBox - *VHD* - Virtual
  Hard Disk (.vhd) for Hyper-V - *VMDK* - Virtual Machine Disk (.vmdk)

Accepted values are:

   OCI, QCOW2, VDI, VHD, VMDK

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--if-match [text]

For optimistic concurrency control. In the PUT or DELETE call for a
resource, set the *if-match* parameter to the value of the etag from a
previous GET or POST response for that resource. The resource will be
updated or deleted only if the etag you provide matches the resource’s
current etag value.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export bucket_name=<substitute-value-of-bucket_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/compute/image/export/to-object.html#cmdoption-bucket-name
       export image_id=<substitute-value-of-image_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/compute/image/export/to-object.html#cmdoption-image-id
       export name=<substitute-value-of-name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/compute/image/export/to-object.html#cmdoption-name
       export namespace=<substitute-value-of-namespace> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/compute/image/export/to-object.html#cmdoption-namespace

       oci compute image export to-object --bucket-name $bucket_name --image-id $image_id --name $name --namespace $namespace
