"update-shipping-address"
*************************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Updates the shipping address


Usage
=====

   oci dts appliance update-shipping-address [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--addressee [text]

Company or person to send the appliance to

--appliance-label [text]

Appliance label

--job-id [text]

OCID of the Transfer Job


Optional Parameters
===================

--address1 [text]

Address line 1.

--address2 [text]

Optional address line 2.

--address3 [text]

Optional address line 3.

--address4 [text]

Optional address line 4.

--care-of [text]

Place/person to direct the package to.

--city-or-locality [text]

City or Locality.

--country [text]

Country.

--email [text]

Email address.

--force

Perform update without prompting for confirmation.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--phone-number [text]

Phone number.

--state-province-region [text]

State or Province or Region.

--zip-postal-code [text]

Zip or Postal Code


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export bucket=<substitute-value-of-bucket> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/dts/job/create.html#cmdoption-bucket
       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/dts/job/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export device_type=<substitute-value-of-device_type> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/dts/job/create.html#cmdoption-device-type
       export display_name=<substitute-value-of-display_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/dts/job/create.html#cmdoption-display-name
       export addressee=<substitute-value-of-addressee> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/dts/appliance/update-shipping-address.html#cmdoption-addressee
       export appliance_label=<substitute-value-of-appliance_label> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/dts/appliance/update-shipping-address.html#cmdoption-appliance-label

       job_id=$(oci dts job create --bucket $bucket --compartment-id $compartment_id --device-type $device_type --display-name $display_name --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci dts appliance update-shipping-address --addressee $addressee --appliance-label $appliance_label --job-id $job_id
