"list-parsers"
**************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Returns a list of parsers, containing detailed information about them.
You may limit the number of results, provide sorting order, and filter
by information such as parser name, type, display name and
description.


Usage
=====

   oci log-analytics parser list-parsers [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--namespace-name [text]

The Logging Analytics namespace used for the request.


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--categories [text]

A comma-separated list of categories used for filtering

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--is-match-all [boolean]

A flag indicating how to handle filtering when multiple filter
criteria are specified. A value of true will always result in the most
expansive list of items being returned. For example, if two field
lists are supplies as filter criteria, a value of true will result in
any item matching a field in either list being returned, while a value
of false will result in a list of items which only have fields
contained in both input lists.

--is-system [text]

The system value used for filtering.  Only items with the specified
system value will be returned.  Valid values are built in, custom (for
user defined items), or all (for all items, regardless of system
value).

Accepted values are:

   ALL, BUILT_IN, CUSTOM

--limit [integer]

The maximum number of items to return.

--page [text]

The page token representing the page at which to start retrieving
results. This is usually retrieved from a previous list call.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--parser-display-text [text]

The parser display text used for filtering.  Only parsers with the
specified name or description will be returned.

--parser-name [text]

The parser name used for filtering.

--parser-type [text]

The parser type used for filtering.  Only items with, or associated
with, parsers of the specified type will be returned.

Accepted values are:

   ALL, DELIMITED, JSON, ODL, REGEX, XML

--sort-by [text]

The attribute used to sort the returned parsers

Accepted values are:

   name, sourcesCount, timeUpdated, type

--sort-order [text]

The sort order to use, either ascending (*ASC*) or descending
(*DESC*).

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC

--source-type [text]

The source type used for filtering.  Only parsers associated with a
source of the specified type will be returned.

Accepted values are:

   ODL, OS_FILE, OS_WINDOWS_SYS, SYSLOG


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export namespace_name=<substitute-value-of-namespace_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/log-analytics/parser/list-parsers.html#cmdoption-namespace-name

       oci log-analytics parser list-parsers --namespace-name $namespace_name
