"launch"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

**Deprecated** To create a new Autonomous Database system on dedicated
Exadata Infrastructure, use the CreateCloudExadataInfrastructure and
CreateCloudAutonomousVmCluster operations instead. Note that to create
an Autonomous VM cluster, you must have an existing Exadata
Infrastructure resource to contain the VM cluster.


Usage
=====

   oci db autonomous-exadata-infrastructure launch [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--availability-domain [text]

The availability domain where the Autonomous Exadata Infrastructure is
located.

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment the Autonomous Exadata Infrastructure
belongs in.

--shape [text]

The shape of the Autonomous Exadata Infrastructure. The shape
determines resources allocated to the Autonomous Exadata
Infrastructure (CPU cores, memory and storage). To get a list of
shapes, use the ListDbSystemShapes operation.

--subnet-id [text]

The OCID of the subnet the Autonomous Exadata Infrastructure is
associated with.

**Subnet Restrictions:** - For Autonomous Exadata Infrastructures, do
not use a subnet that overlaps with 192.168.128.0/20

These subnets are used by the Oracle Clusterware private interconnect
on the database instance. Specifying an overlapping subnet will cause
the private interconnect to malfunction. This restriction applies to
both the client subnet and backup subnet.


Optional Parameters
===================

--defined-tags [complex type]

Defined tags for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a
namespace. For more information, see Resource Tags. This is a complex
type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a
string on the command line or passed in as a file using the
file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--display-name [text]

The user-friendly name for the Autonomous Exadata Infrastructure. It
does not have to be unique.

--domain [text]

A domain name used for the Autonomous Exadata Infrastructure. If the
Oracle-provided Internet and VCN Resolver is enabled for the specified
subnet, the domain name for the subnet is used (don’t provide one).
Otherwise, provide a valid DNS domain name. Hyphens (-) are not
permitted.

--freeform-tags [complex type]

Free-form tags for this resource. Each tag is a simple key-value pair
with no predefined name, type, or namespace. For more information, see
Resource Tags.

Example:

   {"Department": "Finance"}

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--license-model [text]

The Oracle license model that applies to all the databases in the
Autonomous Exadata Infrastructure. The default is
BRING_YOUR_OWN_LICENSE.

Accepted values are:

   BRING_YOUR_OWN_LICENSE, LICENSE_INCLUDED

--maintenance-window-details [complex type]

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the resource to reach the lifecycle state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--nsg-ids [complex type]

The list of OCIDs for the network security groups (NSGs) to which this
resource belongs. Setting this to an empty list removes all resources
from all NSGs. For more information about NSGs, see Security Rules.
**NsgIds restrictions:** - A network security group (NSG) is optional
for Autonomous Databases with private access. The nsgIds list can be
empty. This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The
value can be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as
a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation creates, modifies or deletes a resource that has a
defined lifecycle state. Specify this option to perform the action and
then wait until the resource reaches a given lifecycle state. Multiple
states can be specified, returning on the first state. For example, "
--wait-for-state" SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on
whichever lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a
return code of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1
is returned.

Accepted values are:

   AVAILABLE, FAILED, MAINTENANCE_IN_PROGRESS, PROVISIONING, TERMINATED, TERMINATING, UPDATING

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the resource has
reached the lifecycle state defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to
30 seconds.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export availability_domain=<substitute-value-of-availability_domain> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/autonomous-exadata-infrastructure/launch.html#cmdoption-availability-domain
       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/autonomous-exadata-infrastructure/launch.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export shape=<substitute-value-of-shape> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/autonomous-exadata-infrastructure/launch.html#cmdoption-shape
       export subnet_id=<substitute-value-of-subnet_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/autonomous-exadata-infrastructure/launch.html#cmdoption-subnet-id

       oci db autonomous-exadata-infrastructure launch --availability-domain $availability_domain --compartment-id $compartment_id --shape $shape --subnet-id $subnet_id
