"create-on-demand"
******************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Creates an on-demand HTTP probe. The location response header contains
the URL for fetching the probe results.

*Note:* On-demand probe configurations are not saved.


Usage
=====

   oci health-checks http-probe create-on-demand [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment.

--targets [complex type]

A list of targets (hostnames or IP addresses) of the probe. This is a
complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided
as a string on the command line or passed in as a file using the
file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.


Optional Parameters
===================

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--headers [complex type]

A dictionary of HTTP request headers.

*Note:* Monitors and probes do not support the use of the
*Authorization* HTTP header. This is a complex type whose value must
be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the command
line or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--method [text]

Accepted values are:

   GET, HEAD

--path [text]

The optional URL path to probe, including query parameters.

--port [integer]

The port on which to probe endpoints. If unspecified, probes will use
the default port of their protocol.

--protocol [text]

[required]

Accepted values are:

   HTTP, HTTPS

--timeout-in-seconds [integer]

The probe timeout in seconds. Valid values: 10, 20, 30, and 60. The
probe timeout must be less than or equal to *intervalInSeconds* for
monitors.

--vantage-point-names [complex type]

A list of names of vantage points from which to execute the probe.
This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"
