"update"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Updates the list of access rules in the Web Application Firewall
configuration for a specified WAAS policy. Access rules allow explicit
actions to be defined and executed for requests that meet various
conditions. A rule action can be set to allow, detect, or block
requests. The detect setting allows the request to pass through the
Web Application Firewall and is tagged with a *DETECT* flag in the Web
Application Firewall’s log.

This operation can create, delete, update, and/or reorder access rules
depending on the structure of the request body.

Access rules can be updated by changing the properties of the access
rule object with the rule’s key specified in the key field. Access
rules can be reordered by changing the order of the access rules in
the list when updating.

Access rules can be created by adding a new access rule object to the
list without a *key* property specified. A *key* will be generated for
the new access rule upon update.

Any existing access rules that are not specified with a *key* in the
list of access rules will be deleted upon update.


Usage
=====

   oci waas access-rule update [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--access-rules [complex type]

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--waas-policy-id [text]

The OCID of the WAAS policy.


Optional Parameters
===================

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--if-match [text]

For optimistic concurrency control. In the *PUT* or *DELETE* call for
a resource, set the *if-match* parameter to the value of the etag from
a previous *GET* or *POST* response for that resource. The resource
will be updated or deleted only if the etag provided matches the
resource’s current etag value.

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the work request to reach the state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation asynchronously creates, modifies or deletes a resource
and uses a work request to track the progress of the operation.
Specify this option to perform the action and then wait until the work
request reaches a certain state. Multiple states can be specified,
returning on the first state. For example, "--wait-for-state"
SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on whichever
lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a return code
of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1 is returned.

Accepted values are:

   ACCEPTED, CANCELED, CANCELING, FAILED, IN_PROGRESS, SUCCEEDED

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the work request
has reached the state defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 30
seconds.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy and paste the following example into a JSON file, replacing the
example parameters with your own.

       oci waas access-rule update --generate-param-json-input access-rules > access-rules.json

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/waas/waas-policy/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export domain=<substitute-value-of-domain> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/waas/waas-policy/create.html#cmdoption-domain

       waas_policy_id=$(oci waas waas-policy create --compartment-id $compartment_id --domain $domain --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci waas access-rule update --access-rules file://access-rules.json --waas-policy-id $waas_policy_id
