"list"
******

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Returns a list of collection warnings, containing detailed information
about them. You may limit the number of results, provide sorting
order, and filter by information such as start time, end time, warning
type, warning state, source name, source pattern and entity name.


Usage
=====

   oci log-analytics warning list [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The ID of the compartment in which to list resources.

--namespace-name [text]

The Logging Analytics namespace used for the request.


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--end-time [text]

The warning end date query parameter.

--entity-name [text]

The entity name used for filtering.  Only warnings associated with an
entity with the specified name will be returned.

--entity-type [text]

The entity type used for filtering.  Only associations on an entity
with the specified type will be returned.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--is-no-source [boolean]

A flag indicating whether to filter warnings based on source display
name or on warning level. A value of true will filter based on warning
level (rule, source, or pattern), while a value of false will filter
based on source display name.

--limit [integer]

The maximum number of items to return.

--page [text]

The page token representing the page at which to start retrieving
results. This is usually retrieved from a previous list call.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--sort-by [text]

The attribute used to sort the returned warnings

Accepted values are:

   EntityName, EntityType, FirstReported, Host, InitialWarningDate, PatternText, SourceName, WarningMessage

--sort-order [text]

The sort order to use, either ascending (*ASC*) or descending
(*DESC*).

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC

--source-name [text]

The source name.

--source-pattern [text]

The source pattern used for filtering.  Only warnings associated with
a source with the specified pattern will be returned.

--start-time [text]

The warning start date query parameter.

--warning-message [text]

warning message query parameter

--warning-state [text]

The warning state used for filtering.  A value of SUPPRESSED will
return only suppressed warnings, a value of UNSUPPRESSED will return
only unsuppressed warnings, and a value of ALL will return all
warnings regardless of their suppression state.  Default is
UNSUPPRESSED.

Accepted values are:

   ALL, SUPPRESSED, UNSUPPRESSED

--warning-type [text]

The warning type query parameter.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/log-analytics/warning/list.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export namespace_name=<substitute-value-of-namespace_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/log-analytics/warning/list.html#cmdoption-namespace-name

       oci log-analytics warning list --compartment-id $compartment_id --namespace-name $namespace_name
