"list"
******

* Description

* Usage

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Lists all certificate authorities (CAs) in the specified compartment.
Optionally, you can use the parameter
*FilterByCertificateAuthorityIdQueryParam* to limit the results to a
single item that matches the specified CA.


Usage
=====

   oci certs-mgmt certificate-authority list [OPTIONS]


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--certificate-authority-id [text]

The OCID of the certificate authority (CA). If the parameter is set to
null, the service lists all CAs.

--compartment-id, -c [text]

A filter that returns only resources that match the given compartment
OCID.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--issuer-certificate-authority-id [text]

The OCID of the certificate authority (CA). If the parameter is set to
null, the service lists all CAs.

--lifecycle-state [text]

A filter that returns only resources that match the given lifecycle
state. The state value is case-insensitive.

Accepted values are:

   ACTIVE, CANCELLING_DELETION, CREATING, DELETED, DELETING, FAILED, PENDING_DELETION, SCHEDULING_DELETION, UPDATING

--limit [integer]

The maximum number of items to return in a paginated “List” call.

--name [text]

A filter that returns only resources that match the specified name.

--page [text]

The value of the *opc-next-page* response header from the previous
“List” call.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--sort-by [text]

The field to sort by. You can specify only one sort order. The default
order for *EXPIRATIONDATE* and ‘TIMECREATED’ is descending. The
default order for *NAME* is ascending.

Accepted values are:

   EXPIRATIONDATE, NAME, TIMECREATED

--sort-order [text]

The sort order to use, either ascending (*ASC*) or descending
(*DESC*).

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       oci certs-mgmt certificate-authority list
