"free-text-search"
******************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Queries any and all compartments in the tenancy to find resources that
match the specified criteria. A free text search includes a request
containing arbitrary text that must be present in the resource.
Results include resources that you have permission to view and can
span different resource types. You can also sort results based on a
specified resource attribute.


Usage
=====

   oci search resource free-text-search [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--text [text]

The text to search for.


Optional Parameters
===================

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--limit [integer]

The maximum number of items to return. The value must be between 1 and
1000.

--matching-context-type [text]

The type of matching context returned in the response. If you specify
*HIGHLIGHTS*, then the service will highlight fragments in its
response. (For more information, see ResourceSummary.searchContext and
SearchContext.) The default setting is *NONE*.

Accepted values are:

   HIGHLIGHTS, NONE

--page [text]

The page at which to start retrieving results.

--tenant-id [text]

The tenancy ID, which can be used to specify a different tenancy (for
cross-tenancy authorization) when searching for resources in a
different tenancy.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export text=<substitute-value-of-text> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/search/resource/free-text-search.html#cmdoption-text

       oci search resource free-text-search --text $text
