"get"
*****

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Gets information about the specified external backup job.

**Note:** This API is used by an Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Python
script that is packaged with the Oracle Cloud Infrastructure CLI.
Oracle recommends that you use the script instead using the API
directly. See Migrating an On-Premises Database to Oracle Cloud
Infrastructure by Creating a Backup in the Cloud for more information.


Usage
=====

   oci db external-backup-job get [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--backup-id [text]

The backup OCID.


Optional Parameters
===================

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export db_system_id=<substitute-value-of-db_system_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/db-home/create.html#cmdoption-db-system-id
       export admin_password=<substitute-value-of-admin_password> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/database/create.html#cmdoption-admin-password
       export db_name=<substitute-value-of-db_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/database/create.html#cmdoption-db-name
       export display_name=<substitute-value-of-display_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/backup/create.html#cmdoption-display-name

       db_home_id=$(oci db db-home create --db-system-id $db_system_id --query data.id --raw-output)

       database_id=$(oci db database create --admin-password $admin_password --db-home-id $db_home_id --db-name $db_name --db-system-id $db_system_id --query data.id --raw-output)

       backup_id=$(oci db backup create --database-id $database_id --display-name $display_name --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci db external-backup-job get --backup-id $backup_id
