"create"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Creates a data asset with default connection.


Usage
=====

   oci data-integration data-asset create [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--identifier [text]

Value can only contain upper case letters, underscore, and numbers. It
should begin with upper case letter or underscore. The value can be
modified.

--model-type [text]

The type of the data asset.

Accepted values are:

   AMAZON_S3_DATA_ASSET, FUSION_APP_DATA_ASSET, GENERIC_JDBC_DATA_ASSET, HDFS_DATA_ASSET, LAKE_DATA_ASSET, MYSQL_DATA_ASSET, MYSQL_HEATWAVE_DATA_ASSET, ORACLE_ADWC_DATA_ASSET, ORACLE_ATP_DATA_ASSET, ORACLE_DATA_ASSET, ORACLE_EBS_DATA_ASSET, ORACLE_OBJECT_STORAGE_DATA_ASSET, ORACLE_PEOPLESOFT_DATA_ASSET, ORACLE_SIEBEL_DATA_ASSET, REST_DATA_ASSET

--name [text]

Free form text without any restriction on permitted characters. Name
can have letters, numbers, and special characters. The value is
editable and is restricted to 1000 characters.

--workspace-id [text]

The workspace ID.


Optional Parameters
===================

--asset-properties [complex type]

Additional properties for the data asset. This is a complex type whose
value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the
command line or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file
syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--credential-file-content [text]

The credential file content from a Autonomous Data Warehouse wallet.

--data-asset-type [text]

The data asset type for the generic JDBC data asset.

--default-connection [text]

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--description [text]

User-defined description of the data asset.

--driver-class [text]

The Autonomous Data Warehouse driver class.

--external-key [text]

The external key for the object.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--host [text]

The Oracle Database hostname.

--key [text]

Currently not used on data asset creation. Reserved for future.

--model-version [text]

The model version of an object.

--namespace [text]

The namespace for the specified Oracle Object storage resource. You
can find the namespace under Object Storage Settings in the Console.

--object-status [integer]

The status of an object that can be set to value 1 for shallow
references across objects, other values reserved.

--port [text]

The Oracle Database port.

--registry-metadata [complex type]

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--service-name [text]

The Autonomous Data Warehouse instance service name.

--sid [text]

The Oracle Database SID.

--tenancy-id [text]

The OCI tenancy OCID.

--url [text]

The Oracle Object storage URL.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/data-integration/workspace/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export display_name=<substitute-value-of-display_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/data-integration/workspace/create.html#cmdoption-display-name
       export is_private_network=<substitute-value-of-is_private_network> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/data-integration/workspace/create.html#cmdoption-is-private-network
       export identifier=<substitute-value-of-identifier> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/data-integration/data-asset/create.html#cmdoption-identifier
       export model_type=<substitute-value-of-model_type> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/data-integration/data-asset/create.html#cmdoption-model-type

       workspace_id=$(oci data-integration workspace create --compartment-id $compartment_id --display-name $display_name --is-private-network $is_private_network --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci data-integration data-asset create --identifier $identifier --model-type $model_type --name $name --workspace-id $workspace_id
