"update"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Updates existing export setting for the specified fleet.


Usage
=====

   oci jms export-setting update [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--fleet-id [text]

The OCID of the Fleet.

--is-enabled [boolean]

ExportSetting flag to store enabled or disabled status.


Optional Parameters
===================

--export-duration [text]

The duration of data to be exported for fleets.

Accepted values are:

   LAST_30_DAYS, LAST_60_DAYS, LAST_90_DAYS

--export-frequency [text]

Schedule at which data will be exported.

Accepted values are:

   DAILY, MONTHLY, WEEKLY

--export-resources [text]

Resource to export data associated from the fleets.

Accepted values are:

   MANAGED_INSTANCE, MANAGED_INSTANCE_PLUS_JAVA_RUNTIME, MANAGED_INSTANCE_PLUS_JAVA_RUNTIME_PLUS_APPLICATION

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--if-match [text]

For optimistic concurrency control. In the PUT or DELETE call for a
resource, set the *if-match* parameter to the value of the ETag from a
previous GET or POST response for that resource. The resource will be
updated or deleted only if the ETag you provide matches the resource’s
current ETag value.

--is-cross-region-acknowledged [boolean]

Acknowledgement for cross region target bucket configuration.

--target-bucket-name [text]

The name of the bucket where data will be exported.

--target-bucket-namespace [text]

The namespace of the bucket where data will be exported.

--target-bucket-region [text]

The id of the region of the target bucket.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy and paste the following example into a JSON file, replacing the
example parameters with your own.

       oci jms fleet create --generate-param-json-input inventory-log > inventory-log.json

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/jms/fleet/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export display_name=<substitute-value-of-display_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/jms/fleet/create.html#cmdoption-display-name
       export is_enabled=<substitute-value-of-is_enabled> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/jms/export-setting/update.html#cmdoption-is-enabled

       fleet_id=$(oci jms fleet create --compartment-id $compartment_id --display-name $display_name --inventory-log file://inventory-log.json --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci jms export-setting update --fleet-id $fleet_id --is-enabled $is_enabled
