"list-database-view-access-entries"
***********************************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Retrieves a list of all database view access entries in Data Safe.

The ListDatabaseViewAccessEntries operation returns only the database
view access objects for the specified security policy report.


Usage
=====

   oci data-safe database-view-access-entry-collection list-database-view-access-entries [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--security-policy-report-id [text]

The OCID of the security policy report resource.


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--limit [integer]

For list pagination. The maximum number of items to return per page in
a paginated “List” call. For details about how pagination works, see
List Pagination.

--page [text]

For list pagination. The page token representing the page at which to
start retrieving results. It is usually retrieved from a previous
“List” call. For details about how pagination works, see List
Pagination.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--scim-query [text]

The scimQuery query parameter accepts filter expressions that use the
syntax described in Section 3.2.2.2 of the System for Cross-Domain
Identity Management (SCIM) specification, which is available at
RFC3339. In SCIM filtering expressions, text, date, and time values
must be enclosed in quotation marks, with date and time values using
ISO-8601 format. (Numeric and boolean values should not be quoted.)

**Example:** query=(accessType eq ‘SELECT’) and (grantee eq ‘ADMIN’)

--sort-by [text]

The field to sort by. Only one sort parameter should be provided.

Accepted values are:

   accessThroughObject, accessType, columnName, grantFromRole, grantee, grantor, isAccessConstrainedByDatabaseVault, isAccessConstrainedByRealApplicationSecurity, isAccessConstrainedByRedaction, isAccessConstrainedBySqlFirewall, isAccessConstrainedByVirtualPrivateDatabase, key, privilege, privilegeGrantable, privilegeType, tableName, tableSchema, viewName, viewSchema

--sort-order [text]

The sort order to use, either ascending (ASC) or descending (DESC).

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC

--target-id [text]

A filter to return only items related to a specific target OCID.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export security_policy_report_id=<substitute-value-of-security_policy_report_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/data-safe/database-view-access-entry-collection/list-database-view-access-entries.html#cmdoption-security-policy-report-id

       oci data-safe database-view-access-entry-collection list-database-view-access-entries --security-policy-report-id $security_policy_report_id
