"create"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Create a Social Identity Provider

The top level –endpoint parameter must be supplied for this operation.


Usage
=====

   oci identity-domains social-identity-provider create [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--account-linking-enabled [boolean]

Whether account linking is enabled

**SCIM++ Properties:**  - caseExact: true  - idcsSearchable: true  -
multiValued: false  - mutability: readWrite  - required: true  -
returned: default  - type: boolean  - uniqueness: none

--consumer-key [text]

Social IDP Client Application Client ID

**SCIM++ Properties:**  - caseExact: true  - idcsSearchable: false  -
multiValued: false  - mutability: readWrite  - required: true  -
returned: default  - type: string  - uniqueness: none

--consumer-secret [text]

Social IDP Client Application Client Secret

**SCIM++ Properties:**  - caseExact: true  - idcsSearchable: false  -
idcsSensitive: encrypt  - multiValued: false  - mutability: readWrite
- required: true  - returned: default  - type: string  - uniqueness:
none

--enabled [boolean]

Whether the IDP is enabled or not

**SCIM++ Properties:**  - caseExact: true  - idcsSearchable: true  -
multiValued: false  - mutability: readWrite  - required: true  -
returned: default  - type: boolean  - uniqueness: none

--name [text]

Social provider name

**SCIM++ Properties:**  - caseExact: false  - idcsSearchable: true  -
multiValued: false  - mutability: readWrite  - required: true  -
returned: always  - type: string  - uniqueness: global

--registration-enabled [boolean]

Whether registration is enabled

**SCIM++ Properties:**  - caseExact: true  - idcsSearchable: true  -
multiValued: false  - mutability: readWrite  - required: true  -
returned: default  - type: boolean  - uniqueness: none

--schemas [complex type]

REQUIRED. The schemas attribute is an array of Strings which allows
introspection of the supported schema version for a SCIM
representation as well any schema extensions supported by that
representation. Each String value must be a unique URI. This
specification defines URIs for User, Group, and a standard
“enterprise” extension. All representations of SCIM schema MUST
include a non-zero value array with value(s) of the URIs supported by
that representation. Duplicate values MUST NOT be included. Value
order is not specified and MUST not impact behavior.

**SCIM++ Properties:**  - caseExact: false  - idcsSearchable: false  -
multiValued: true  - mutability: readWrite  - required: true  -
returned: default  - type: string  - uniqueness: none This is a
complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided
as a string on the command line or passed in as a file using the
file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--service-provider-name [text]

Service Provider Name

**SCIM++ Properties:**  - caseExact: true  - idcsSearchable: true  -
multiValued: false  - mutability: immutable  - required: true  -
returned: default  - type: string  - uniqueness: none

--show-on-login [boolean]

Whether show on login

**SCIM++ Properties:**  - caseExact: true  - idcsSearchable: true  -
multiValued: false  - mutability: readWrite  - required: true  -
returned: default  - type: boolean  - uniqueness: none


Optional Parameters
===================

--access-token-url [text]

Social IDP Access token URL

**SCIM++ Properties:**  - caseExact: true  - idcsSearchable: false  -
multiValued: false  - mutability: readWrite  - required: false  -
returned: default  - type: string  - uniqueness: none

--admin-scope [complex type]

Admin scope to request

**SCIM++ Properties:**  - caseExact: true  - idcsSearchable: false  -
multiValued: true  - mutability: readWrite  - required: false  -
returned: default  - type: string  - uniqueness: none This is a
complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided
as a string on the command line or passed in as a file using the
file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--authorization [text]

The Authorization field value consists of credentials containing the
authentication information of the user agent for the realm of the
resource being requested.

--authz-url [text]

Social IDP Authorization URL

**SCIM++ Properties:**  - caseExact: true  - idcsSearchable: false  -
multiValued: false  - mutability: readWrite  - required: false  -
returned: default  - type: string  - uniqueness: none

--auto-redirect-enabled [boolean]

Whether social auto redirect is enabled. The IDP policy should be
configured with only one Social IDP, and without username/password
selected.

**Added In:** 2310202314

**SCIM++ Properties:**  - caseExact: true  - idcsSearchable: true  -
multiValued: false  - mutability: readWrite  - required: false  -
returned: default  - type: boolean  - uniqueness: none

--client-credential-in-payload [boolean]

Whether the client credential is contained in payload

**Added In:** 18.4.2

**SCIM++ Properties:**  - caseExact: true  - idcsSearchable: false  -
multiValued: false  - mutability: readWrite  - required: false  -
returned: default  - type: boolean  - uniqueness: none

--clock-skew-in-seconds [integer]

Social IDP allowed clock skew time

**SCIM++ Properties:**  - idcsSearchable: false  - multiValued: false
- mutability: readWrite  - required: false  - returned: default  -
type: integer  - uniqueness: none

--compartment-ocid [text]

OCI Compartment Id (ocid) in which the resource lives.

**SCIM++ Properties:**  - caseExact: false  - idcsSearchable: false  -
multiValued: false  - mutability: readOnly  - required: false  -
returned: default  - type: string  - uniqueness: none

--delete-in-progress [boolean]

A boolean flag indicating this resource in the process of being
deleted. Usually set to true when synchronous deletion of the resource
would take too long.

**SCIM++ Properties:**  - caseExact: false  - idcsSearchable: true  -
multiValued: false  - mutability: readOnly  - required: false  -
returned: default  - type: boolean  - uniqueness: none

--description [text]

Social IDP description

**SCIM++ Properties:**  - caseExact: false  - idcsSearchable: true  -
multiValued: false  - mutability: readWrite  - required: false  -
returned: default  - type: string  - uniqueness: none

--discovery-url [text]

Discovery URL

**Added In:** 17.4.6

**SCIM++ Properties:**  - caseExact: true  - idcsSearchable: false  -
multiValued: false  - mutability: readWrite  - required: false  -
returned: default  - type: string  - uniqueness: none

--domain-ocid [text]

OCI Domain Id (ocid) in which the resource lives.

**SCIM++ Properties:**  - caseExact: false  - idcsSearchable: false  -
multiValued: false  - mutability: readOnly  - required: false  -
returned: default  - type: string  - uniqueness: none

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--icon-url [text]

ICON URL for social idp

**Added In:** 17.4.6

**SCIM++ Properties:**  - caseExact: true  - idcsSearchable: false  -
multiValued: false  - mutability: readWrite  - required: false  -
returned: default  - type: string  - uniqueness: none

--id [text]

Unique identifier for the SCIM Resource as defined by the Service
Provider. Each representation of the Resource MUST include a non-empty
id value. This identifier MUST be unique across the Service Provider’s
entire set of Resources. It MUST be a stable, non-reassignable
identifier that does not change when the same Resource is returned in
subsequent requests. The value of the id attribute is always issued by
the Service Provider and MUST never be specified by the Service
Consumer. bulkId: is a reserved keyword and MUST NOT be used in the
unique identifier.

**SCIM++ Properties:**  - caseExact: false  - idcsSearchable: true  -
multiValued: false  - mutability: readOnly  - required: false  -
returned: always  - type: string  - uniqueness: global

--id-attribute [text]

Id attribute used for account linking

**SCIM++ Properties:**  - caseExact: true  - idcsSearchable: false  -
multiValued: false  - mutability: immutable  - required: false  -
returned: default  - type: string  - uniqueness: none

--idcs-created-by [complex type]

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--idcs-last-modified-by [complex type]

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--idcs-last-upgraded-in-release [text]

The release number when the resource was upgraded.

**SCIM++ Properties:**  - caseExact: false  - idcsSearchable: false  -
multiValued: false  - mutability: readOnly  - required: false  -
returned: request  - type: string  - uniqueness: none

--idcs-prevented-operations [text]

Each value of this attribute specifies an operation that only an
internal client may perform on this particular resource.

**SCIM++ Properties:**  - idcsSearchable: false  - multiValued: true
- mutability: readOnly  - required: false  - returned: request  -
type: string  - uniqueness: none

Accepted values are:

   delete, replace, update

--jit-prov-assigned-groups [complex type]

Lists the groups each social JIT-provisioned user is a member. Just-
in-Time user-provisioning applies this static list when
jitProvGroupStaticListEnabled:true.

**Added In:** 2309290043

**SCIM++ Properties:**  - idcsCompositeKey: [value]  - idcsSearchable:
false  - multiValued: true  - mutability: readWrite  - required: false
- returned: default  - type: complex  - uniqueness: none

This option is a JSON list with items of type
SocialIdentityProviderJitProvAssignedGroups.  For documentation on
SocialIdentityProviderJitProvAssignedGroups please see our API
reference: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/identitydomains/v1/
datatypes/SocialIdentityProviderJitProvAssignedGroups. This is a
complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided
as a string on the command line or passed in as a file using the
file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--jit-prov-group-static-list-enabled [boolean]

Set to true to indicate Social JIT User Provisioning Groups should be
assigned from a static list

**Added In:** 2309290043

**SCIM++ Properties:**  - caseExact: false  - idcsSearchable: false  -
multiValued: false  - mutability: readWrite  - required: false  -
returned: default  - type: boolean  - uniqueness: none

--meta [complex type]

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--ocid [text]

Unique OCI identifier for the SCIM Resource.

**SCIM++ Properties:**  - caseExact: true  - idcsSearchable: true  -
multiValued: false  - mutability: immutable  - required: false  -
returned: default  - type: string  - uniqueness: global

--profile-url [text]

Social IDP User profile URL

**SCIM++ Properties:**  - caseExact: true  - idcsSearchable: false  -
multiValued: false  - mutability: readWrite  - required: false  -
returned: default  - type: string  - uniqueness: none

--redirect-url [text]

redirect URL for social idp

**SCIM++ Properties:**  - caseExact: true  - idcsSearchable: false  -
multiValued: false  - mutability: readWrite  - required: false  -
returned: default  - type: string  - uniqueness: none

--refresh-token-url [text]

Social IDP Refresh token URL

**Added In:** 19.1.4

**SCIM++ Properties:**  - caseExact: true  - idcsSearchable: false  -
multiValued: false  - mutability: readWrite  - required: false  -
returned: default  - type: string  - uniqueness: none

--relay-idp-param-mappings [complex type]

Relay Param variable for Social IDP

**Added In:** 2305190132

**SCIM++ Properties:**  - idcsCompositeKey: [relayParamKey]  -
idcsSearchable: true  - multiValued: true  - mutability: readWrite  -
required: false  - returned: default  - type: complex  - uniqueness:
none

This option is a JSON list with items of type
SocialIdentityProviderRelayIdpParamMappings.  For documentation on
SocialIdentityProviderRelayIdpParamMappings please see our API
reference: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/identitydomains/v1/
datatypes/SocialIdentityProviderRelayIdpParamMappings. This is a
complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided
as a string on the command line or passed in as a file using the
file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--resource-type-schema-version [text]

An endpoint-specific schema version number to use in the Request.
Allowed version values are Earliest Version or Latest Version as
specified in each REST API endpoint description, or any sequential
number inbetween. All schema attributes/body parameters are a part of
version 1. After version 1, any attributes added or deprecated will be
tagged with the version that they were added to or deprecated in. If
no version is provided, the latest schema version is returned.

--scope [complex type]

Scope to request

**SCIM++ Properties:**  - caseExact: true  - idcsSearchable: false  -
multiValued: true  - mutability: readWrite  - required: false  -
returned: default  - type: string  - uniqueness: none This is a
complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided
as a string on the command line or passed in as a file using the
file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--social-jit-provisioning-enabled [boolean]

Whether Social JIT Provisioning is enabled

**Added In:** 2307282043

**SCIM++ Properties:**  - caseExact: true  - idcsSearchable: true  -
multiValued: false  - mutability: readWrite  - required: false  -
returned: default  - type: boolean  - uniqueness: none

--status [text]

Status

**Added In:** 17.4.6

**SCIM++ Properties:**  - caseExact: true  - idcsSearchable: true  -
multiValued: false  - mutability: readWrite  - required: false  -
returned: default  - type: string  - uniqueness: none

Accepted values are:

   created, deleted

--tags [complex type]

A list of tags on this resource.

**SCIM++ Properties:**  - idcsCompositeKey: [key, value]  -
idcsSearchable: true  - multiValued: true  - mutability: readWrite  -
required: false  - returned: request  - type: complex  - uniqueness:
none

This option is a JSON list with items of type Tags.  For documentation
on tags please see our API reference: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/a
pi/#/en/identitydomains/v1/datatypes/Tags. This is a complex type
whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string
on the command line or passed in as a file using the
file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--tenancy-ocid [text]

OCI Tenant Id (ocid) in which the resource lives.

**SCIM++ Properties:**  - caseExact: false  - idcsSearchable: false  -
multiValued: false  - mutability: readOnly  - required: false  -
returned: default  - type: string  - uniqueness: none


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy and paste the following example into a JSON file, replacing the
example parameters with your own.

       oci identity-domains social-identity-provider create --generate-param-json-input schemas > schemas.json

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export account_linking_enabled=<substitute-value-of-account_linking_enabled> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/identity-domains/social-identity-provider/create.html#cmdoption-account-linking-enabled
       export consumer_key=<substitute-value-of-consumer_key> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/identity-domains/social-identity-provider/create.html#cmdoption-consumer-key
       export consumer_secret=<substitute-value-of-consumer_secret> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/identity-domains/social-identity-provider/create.html#cmdoption-consumer-secret
       export enabled=<substitute-value-of-enabled> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/identity-domains/social-identity-provider/create.html#cmdoption-enabled
       export name=<substitute-value-of-name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/identity-domains/social-identity-provider/create.html#cmdoption-name
       export registration_enabled=<substitute-value-of-registration_enabled> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/identity-domains/social-identity-provider/create.html#cmdoption-registration-enabled
       export service_provider_name=<substitute-value-of-service_provider_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/identity-domains/social-identity-provider/create.html#cmdoption-service-provider-name
       export show_on_login=<substitute-value-of-show_on_login> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/identity-domains/social-identity-provider/create.html#cmdoption-show-on-login

       oci identity-domains social-identity-provider create --account-linking-enabled $account_linking_enabled --consumer-key $consumer_key --consumer-secret $consumer_secret --enabled $enabled --name $name --registration-enabled $registration_enabled --schemas file://schemas.json --service-provider-name $service_provider_name --show-on-login $show_on_login
