"create"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

This API enables the customer to Create an Incident


Usage
=====

   oci support incident create [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the tenancy.

--csi [text]

Customer Support Identifier

--description [text]

This should be the description of the SR with a more granular level of
detail as to what the problem you are facing is.  eg: I cannot connect
to my compute instance.  I have tried ssh, ping, traceroute, and
provide the results of those.

--problem-type [text]

The kind of support ticket (type of support request). For information
about *ACCOUNT* support tickets, see [Creating a Billing Support
Request]. For information about *LIMIT* support tickets, see [Creating
a Service Limit Increase Request]. For information about *TECH*
support tickets, see [Creating a Technical Support Request].

Accepted values are:

   ACCOUNT, LEGACY_LIMIT, LIMIT, TAXONOMY, TECH

--severity [text]

States severity level of incident. Acceptable values are MEDIUM, HIGH,
HIGHEST.  Please note for HIGHEST: Oracle Support requires a 24x7
contact be provided so additional information can be requested as
needed 24x7.)

Accepted values are:

   HIGH, HIGHEST, MEDIUM

--title [text]

Title for the SR.  Should be a high level description of issue.  eg:
Cannot connect to instance


Optional Parameters
===================

--bearertoken [text]

Token that provided by multi cloud provider, which help to validate
the email.

--bearertokentype [text]

Token type that determine which cloud provider the request come from.

--contacts [complex type]

The list of contacts.

This option is a JSON list with items of type Contact.  For
documentation on Contact please see our API reference: https://docs.c
loud.oracle.com/api/#/en/incident/20181231/datatypes/Contact. This is
a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be
provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file using
the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--domainid [text]

The OCID of identity domain. DomainID is mandatory if the user is part
of Non Default Identity domain.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--homeregion [text]

The region of the tenancy.

--idtoken [text]

IdToken that provided by multi cloud provider, which help to validate
the email.

--ocid [text]

User OCID for Oracle Identity Cloud Service (IDCS) users who also have
a federated Oracle Cloud Infrastructure account. User OCID is
mandatory for OCI Users and optional for Multicloud users.

--referrer [text]

The incident referrer. This value is often the URL that the customer
used when creating the support ticket.

--user-group-id [text]

Technical support type (*TECH*) only: The identifier of the support
request’s user group in My Oracle Cloud Support portal.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"
