"get"
*****

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Gets the specified support ticket. For more information, see [Getting
Details for a Support Request].


Usage
=====

   oci support incident get [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the tenancy.

--incident-key [text]

Unique identifier for the support ticket.


Optional Parameters
===================

--bearertoken [text]

Token that provided by multi cloud provider, which help to validate
the email.

--bearertokentype [text]

Token type that determine which cloud provider the request come from.

--csi [text]

The Customer Support Identifier (CSI) number associated with the
support account. The CSI is optional for all support request types.

--domainid [text]

The OCID of identity domain. DomainID is mandatory if the user is part
of Non Default Identity domain.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--homeregion [text]

The region of the tenancy.

--idtoken [text]

IdToken that provided by multi cloud provider, which help to validate
the email.

--ocid [text]

User OCID for Oracle Identity Cloud Service (IDCS) users who also have
a federated Oracle Cloud Infrastructure account. User OCID is
mandatory for OCI Users and optional for Multicloud users.

--problemtype [text]

The kind of support request.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"
