"list"
******

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Lists support tickets for the specified tenancy. For more information,
see [Listing Support Requests].


Usage
=====

   oci support incident list [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the tenancy.


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--bearertoken [text]

Token that provided by multi cloud provider, which help to validate
the email.

--bearertokentype [text]

Token type that determine which cloud provider the request come from.

--csi [text]

The Customer Support Identifier (CSI) number associated with the
support account. The CSI is optional for all support request types.

--domainid [text]

The OCID of identity domain. DomainID is mandatory if the user is part
of Non Default Identity domain.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--homeregion [text]

The region of the tenancy.

--idtoken [text]

IdToken that provided by multi cloud provider, which help to validate
the email.

--lifecycle-state [text]

The current state of the ticket.

Accepted values are:

   ACTIVE, CLOSED

--limit [integer]

For list pagination. The maximum number of results per page, or items
to return in a paginated “List” call. For important details about how
pagination works, see List Pagination.

--ocid [text]

User OCID for Oracle Identity Cloud Service (IDCS) users who also have
a federated Oracle Cloud Infrastructure account. User OCID is
mandatory for OCI Users and optional for Multicloud users.

--page [text]

For list pagination. The value of the *opc-next-page* response header
from the previous “List” call. For important details about how
pagination works, see List Pagination.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--problem-type [text]

The kind of support request.

--sort-by [text]

The key to use to sort the returned items.

Accepted values are:

   dateUpdated, severity

--sort-order [text]

The order to sort the results in.

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"
