"update"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

This API enables the customer to Update an Incident


Usage
=====

   oci support incident update [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--activity-type [text]

This is the action to be taken on the ticket.  Acceptable values are
(CASE SENSITIVE) NOTES, EMAIL_OUTBOUND, EMAIL_INBOUND, CLOSE, UPDATE,
PROBLEM_DESCRIPTION

--comments [text]

String text field with the comment you wish to add to the ticket.
Must put the string in quotes.

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the tenancy.

--incident-key [text]

Unique identifier for the support ticket.

--type [text]

At this time the only valid type is activity.  Eventually this will be
expanded to include things like attachment.


Optional Parameters
===================

--bearertoken [text]

Token that provided by multi cloud provider, which help to validate
the email.

--bearertokentype [text]

Token type that determine which cloud provider the request come from.

--csi [text]

The Customer Support Identifier (CSI) number associated with the
support account. The CSI is optional for all support request types.

--domainid [text]

The OCID of identity domain. DomainID is mandatory if the user is part
of Non Default Identity domain.

--force

Perform update without prompting for confirmation.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--homeregion [text]

The region of the tenancy.

--idtoken [text]

IdToken that provided by multi cloud provider, which help to validate
the email.

--if-match [text]

For optimistic concurrency control. In the PUT or DELETE call for a
resource, set the *if-match* parameter to the value of the etag from a
previous GET or POST response for that resource. The resource will be
updated or deleted only if the etag you provide matches the resource’s
current etag value.

--ocid [text]

User OCID for Oracle Identity Cloud Service (IDCS) users who also have
a federated Oracle Cloud Infrastructure account. User OCID is
mandatory for OCI Users and optional for Multicloud users.

--problem-type [text]

The kind of support ticket (type of support request). For information
about *ACCOUNT* support tickets, see [Creating a Billing Support
Request]. For information about *LIMIT* support tickets, see [Creating
a Service Limit Increase Request]. For information about *TECH*
support tickets, see [Creating a Technical Support Request].

Accepted values are:

   ACCOUNT, LEGACY_LIMIT, LIMIT, TAXONOMY, TECH


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"
