"create-digital-assistant-clone-digital-assistant-details"
**********************************************************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Creates a new Digital Assistant.


Usage
=====

   oci oda management digital-assistant create-digital-assistant-clone-digital-assistant-details [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--display-name [text]

The resource’s display name.

--id [text]

The unique identifier of the Digital Assistant to clone.

--name [text]

The reource’s name. The name can contain only letters, numbers,
periods, and underscores. The name must begin with a letter.

--oda-instance-id [text]

Unique Digital Assistant instance identifier.


Optional Parameters
===================

--category [text]

The resource’s category.  This is used to group resource’s together.

--defined-tags [complex type]

Usage of predefined tag keys. These predefined keys are scoped to
namespaces. Example: *{“foo-namespace”: {“bar-key”: “value”}}* This is
a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be
provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file using
the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--description [text]

A short description of the resource.

--freeform-tags [complex type]

Simple key-value pair that is applied without any predefined name,
type, or scope. Example: *{“bar-key”: “value”}* This is a complex type
whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string
on the command line or passed in as a file using the
file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the work request to reach the state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--multilingual-mode [text]

The multilingual mode for the resource.

Accepted values are:

   NATIVE, TRANSLATION

--platform-version [text]

The ODA Platform Version for this resource.

--primary-language-tag [text]

The primary language for the resource.

--version-parameterconflict [text]

The resource’s version. The version can only contain numbers, letters,
periods, underscores, dashes or spaces.  The version must begin with a
letter or a number.

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation asynchronously creates, modifies or deletes a resource
and uses a work request to track the progress of the operation.
Specify this option to perform the action and then wait until the work
request reaches a certain state. Multiple states can be specified,
returning on the first state. For example, "--wait-for-state"
SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on whichever
lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a return code
of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1 is returned.

Accepted values are:

   ACCEPTED, CANCELED, CANCELING, FAILED, IN_PROGRESS, SUCCEEDED

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the work request
has reached the state defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 30
seconds.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export display_name=<substitute-value-of-display_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/oda/management/digital-assistant/create-digital-assistant-clone-digital-assistant-details.html#cmdoption-display-name
       export id=<substitute-value-of-id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/oda/management/digital-assistant/create-digital-assistant-clone-digital-assistant-details.html#cmdoption-id
       export name=<substitute-value-of-name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/oda/management/digital-assistant/create-digital-assistant-clone-digital-assistant-details.html#cmdoption-name
       export oda_instance_id=<substitute-value-of-oda_instance_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/oda/management/digital-assistant/create-digital-assistant-clone-digital-assistant-details.html#cmdoption-oda-instance-id

       oci oda management digital-assistant create-digital-assistant-clone-digital-assistant-details --display-name $display_name --id $id --name $name --oda-instance-id $oda_instance_id
