"embed-text"
************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter

* Other Examples


Description
===========

Produces embeddings for the inputs.

An embedding is numeric representation of a piece of text. This text
can be a phrase, a sentence, or one or more paragraphs. The Generative
AI embedding model transforms each phrase, sentence, or paragraph that
you input, into an array with 1024 numbers. You can use these
embeddings for finding similarity in your input text such as finding
phrases that are similar in context or category. Embeddings are mostly
used for semantic searches where the search function focuses on the
meaning of the text that it’s searching through rather than finding
results based on keywords.


Usage
=====

   oci generative-ai-inference embed-text-result embed-text [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of compartment in which to call the Generative AI service to
create text embeddings.

--inputs [complex type]

Provide a list of strings or one base64 encoded image with
*input_type* setting to *IMAGE*. If text embedding, each string can be
words, a phrase, or a paragraph. The maximum length of each string
entry in the list is 512 tokens. This is a complex type whose value
must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the
command line or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file
syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--serving-mode [complex type]

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.


Optional Parameters
===================

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--input-type [text]

Specifies the input type.

Accepted values are:

   CLASSIFICATION, CLUSTERING, IMAGE, SEARCH_DOCUMENT, SEARCH_QUERY

--is-echo [boolean]

Whether or not to include the original inputs in the response. Results
are index-based.

--truncate [text]

For an input that’s longer than the maximum token length, specifies
which part of the input text will be truncated.

Accepted values are:

   END, NONE, START


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy and paste the following example into a JSON file, replacing the
example parameters with your own.

       oci generative-ai-inference embed-text-result embed-text --generate-param-json-input inputs > inputs.json
       oci generative-ai-inference embed-text-result embed-text --generate-param-json-input serving-mode > serving-mode.json

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/generative-ai-inference/embed-text-result/embed-text.html#cmdoption-compartment-id

       oci generative-ai-inference embed-text-result embed-text --compartment-id $compartment_id --inputs file://inputs.json --serving-mode file://serving-mode.json


Other Examples
==============


Description
-----------

Send an inference request for text embedding


Command
-------

    oci generative-ai-inference embed-text-result embed-text --compartment-id $COMPARTMENT_ID --serving-mode "{\"servingType\": \"ON_DEMAND\", \"modelId\": \"$SERVING_MODEL_ID\"}" --inputs "$INPUTS" --read-timeout 240 --region "$REGION"


Output
------

   {
    "data": {
         "embeddings": [
              [
                   0.1508789,
                   -0.93115234,
                   1.6337891,
                   -1.9023438,
                   -1.3085938,
                   0.6777344,
                   1.234375,
                   0.9926758,
                   -0.047058105,
                   -1.0683594,
                   -1.046875,
                   1.6503906,
                   1.0292969,
                   0.82373047,
                   -0.56396484,
                   0.50878906,
                   0.32788086,
                   0.5263672,
                   0.39819336,
                   -1.1289062,
                   0.09631348,
                   1.234375,
                   -0.38378906,
                   -0.57470703,
                   1.0185547,
                   3.5957031,
                   7.0273438,
                   -1.3271484,
                   1.4804688,
                   0.23937988,
                   -1.3779297,
                   0.3696289,
                   2.5722656,
                   -0.50390625,
                   -0.5678711,
                   1.296875,
                   1.1767578,
                   -0.26635742,
                   0.6738281,
                   1.6728516,
                   0.85595703,
                   -0.4621582,
                   0.37109375,
                   0.8847656,
                   -1.2285156,
                   0.013969421,
                   -1.1816406,
                   -2.0664062,
                   -0.029022217,
                   1.5166016,
                   -0.26953125,
                   0.22094727,
                   -0.48535156,
                   0.34960938,
                   -0.16833496,
                   0.93359375,
                   1.2314453,
                   -0.8022461,
                   0.62060547,
                   1.5029297,
                   -0.15258789,
                   -0.048217773,
                   -0.7607422,
                   -0.5786133,
                   -0.5698242,
                   -1.1728516,
                   -0.51171875,
                   -1.8417969,
                   -1.4238281,
                   -1.0898438,
                   -1.1708984,
                   -0.6333008,
                   0.24951172,
                   0.9091797,
                   -0.6616211,
                   -0.6542969,
                   0.20202637,
                   0.8520508,
                   0.34301758,
                   -1.5048828,
                   1.6074219,
                   1.2011719,
                   1.2900391,
                   -0.08959961,
                   -1.0595703,
                   -1.9130859,
                   -0.06573486,
                   -0.96240234,
                   1.1533203,
                   0.041381836,
                   -1.9511719,
                   0.030166626,
                   -2.5664062,
                   -10.0,
                   -2.09375,
                   0.9482422,
                   -1.6826172,
                   -1.0693359,
                   -1.4511719,
                   -0.45092773,
                   1.5332031,
                   -0.67578125,
                   2.7714844,
                   -1.0898438,
                   -0.15673828,
                   1.0576172,
                   0.8535156,
                   0.4440918,
                   -0.071777344,
                   -0.609375,
                   0.62353516,
                   -1.2705078,
                   0.101623535,
                   1.1259766,
                   0.19604492,
                   0.7919922,
                   2.46875,
                   1.2666016,
                   -0.99316406,
                   -1.0478516,
                   0.7783203,
                   -0.48413086,
                   -0.8378906,
                   -1.578125,
                   0.40039062,
                   -1.6474609,
                   1.2314453,
                   1.8398438,
                   -0.25708008,
                   0.84814453,
                   -1.171875,
                   0.4873047,
                   -1.2304688,
                   1.5878906,
                   -0.19641113,
                   1.3505859,
                   1.6347656,
                   0.15014648,
                   1.5761719,
                   -0.24890137,
                   0.47631836,
                   -1.1855469,
                   1.5859375,
                   -1.109375,
                   1.1416016,
                   -0.16845703,
                   -0.6904297,
                   1.0693359,
                   0.49316406,
                   1.2255859,
                   -0.96875,
                   0.92822266,
                   -1.0947266,
                   -0.48608398,
                   -0.048828125,
                   -1.0048828,
                   -0.4729004,
                   -0.37329102,
                   0.14477539,
                   -0.32714844,
                   -1.2753906,
                   1.0273438,
                   -1.9589844,
                   1.7705078,
                   0.9926758,
                   0.046173096,
                   -2.8671875,
                   2.6113281,
                   1.3740234,
                   0.112976074,
                   -1.1025391,
                   -0.62890625,
                   0.703125,
                   -0.26245117,
                   -0.2241211,
                   1.6054688,
                   0.1932373,
                   0.26098633,
                   0.7939453,
                   -0.4753418,
                   0.60546875,
                   1.8144531,
                   -0.6347656,
                   -1.5478516,
                   0.15002441,
                   0.41723633,
                   1.265625,
                   -1.1064453,
                   0.18908691,
                   -0.5263672,
                   1.5400391,
                   -0.25878906,
                   -1.5566406,
                   2.5566406,
                   1.3876953,
                   -0.58203125,
                   1.390625,
                   0.44384766,
                   1.984375,
                   1.4082031,
                   0.22814941,
                   1.390625,
                   -0.009986877,
                   -0.101257324,
                   -0.31640625,
                   0.5258789,
                   0.8276367,
                   1.4101562,
                   0.13293457,
                   0.86083984,
                   0.18347168,
                   -0.10864258,
                   0.19567871,
                   0.29785156,
                   -0.62060547,
                   -1.2597656,
                   1.3222656,
                   -1.0644531,
                   0.33935547,
                   0.8461914,
                   -0.70214844,
                   2.0234375,
                   -0.19921875,
                   1.1054688,
                   1.2265625,
                   0.22241211,
                   0.3334961,
                   0.044433594,
                   1.3662109,
                   -1.1357422,
                   -0.20361328,
                   0.46020508,
                   -0.5541992,
                   -1.7021484,
                   -0.11541748,
                   1.3789062,
                   0.15551758,
                   0.16674805,
                   -0.74609375,
                   -0.18005371,
                   0.44628906,
                   -0.52734375,
                   0.6113281,
                   -1.5048828,
                   0.7026367,
                   1.3886719,
                   -0.0680542,
                   0.02897644,
                   -0.24450684,
                   1.4384766,
                   1.4257812,
                   0.86279297,
                   -0.0501709,
                   1.8466797,
                   0.046081543,
                   1.0449219,
                   0.69433594,
                   0.110839844,
                   0.21582031,
                   0.9238281,
                   1.1259766,
                   -0.3149414,
                   1.0585938,
                   0.8642578,
                   0.83154297,
                   -0.26489258,
                   -0.7158203,
                   1.1269531,
                   -0.47680664,
                   0.07208252,
                   0.0340271,
                   -0.38110352,
                   -1.6464844,
                   -0.6958008,
                   -0.039794922,
                   0.07019043,
                   -1.0224609,
                   -0.17834473,
                   -1.6572266,
                   1.3818359,
                   0.4020996,
                   -0.33935547,
                   -2.6445312,
                   1.5224609,
                   0.05444336,
                   0.05557251,
                   -0.071899414,
                   -0.4934082,
                   -0.48413086,
                   1.7626953,
                   3.1445312,
                   1.359375,
                   1.6933594,
                   2.9960938,
                   -0.6010742,
                   -0.3959961,
                   -1.0839844,
                   -0.24072266,
                   0.8261719,
                   0.75097656,
                   -0.66845703,
                   1.0673828,
                   -1.3017578,
                   1.3417969,
                   0.068725586,
                   -1.1464844,
                   -0.98876953,
                   1.5410156,
                   -0.48291016,
                   -0.8701172,
                   0.5991211,
                   -0.49780273,
                   1.2851562,
                   -0.36035156,
                   0.08868408,
                   -0.71484375,
                   -1.9541016,
                   -0.31958008,
                   -1.7275391,
                   0.46899414,
                   0.36010742,
                   -0.6357422,
                   0.23535156,
                   1.1806641,
                   -0.48950195,
                   0.046081543,
                   -0.51464844,
                   0.78808594,
                   1.2460938,
                   0.52685547,
                   -0.47509766,
                   0.4909668,
                   -1.7861328,
                   -0.1484375,
                   -0.5698242,
                   -0.33544922,
                   -0.88964844,
                   0.69091797,
                   0.79589844,
                   -0.95703125,
                   -0.44702148,
                   0.15246582,
                   0.62109375,
                   0.7763672,
                   3.5039062,
                   -7.59375,
                   1.1210938,
                   1.8242188,
                   -0.6459961,
                   -0.57958984,
                   0.28393555,
                   0.24304199,
                   0.38452148,
                   -5.9765625,
                   -1.3222656,
                   1.4101562,
                   -2.1914062,
                   -1.3271484,
                   0.6777344,
                   0.60009766,
                   0.78466797,
                   -3.1113281,
                   -0.35180664,
                   -2.6757812,
                   -1.9833984,
                   0.3317871,
                   0.55322266,
                   -0.33129883,
                   -0.28295898,
                   -0.092285156,
                   1.0263672,
                   0.76953125,
                   0.5551758,
                   1.0224609,
                   0.48608398,
                   0.48876953,
                   0.15319824,
                   3.0546875,
                   0.32202148,
                   -0.48217773,
                   -1.3994141,
                   0.38427734,
                   0.7817383,
                   0.09387207,
                   0.5913086,
                   2.7773438,
                   1.5830078,
                   0.57177734,
                   1.7070312,
                   1.3652344,
                   1.0507812,
                   0.81689453,
                   0.7324219,
                   2.2324219,
                   -0.11816406,
                   -0.19348145,
                   1.2714844,
                   0.27026367,
                   -1.0908203,
                   -0.18200684,
                   -0.5083008,
                   1.8867188,
                   -0.72998047,
                   0.0027637482,
                   -1.1210938,
                   -0.98535156,
                   0.087402344,
                   1.4804688,
                   1.3193359,
                   -0.69091797,
                   0.12866211,
                   0.109191895,
                   0.16967773,
                   -0.6279297,
                   1.2509766,
                   -0.2565918,
                   1.3222656,
                   -1.2714844,
                   -0.051574707,
                   -1.5732422,
                   0.67529297,
                   0.5263672,
                   0.90966797,
                   1.5302734,
                   -0.09686279,
                   -1.5517578,
                   -0.037200928,
                   -0.8852539,
                   0.55615234,
                   -1.2841797,
                   -0.07128906,
                   0.06161499,
                   1.6552734,
                   -0.87353516,
                   -0.2722168,
                   0.18664551,
                   -1.2998047,
                   -0.11975098,
                   -0.765625,
                   0.89160156,
                   0.044921875,
                   -0.18103027,
                   1.1699219,
                   -0.086120605,
                   0.11785889,
                   0.36694336,
                   0.59375,
                   -0.07196045,
                   -1.4345703,
                   0.04660034,
                   -0.05419922,
                   -0.11450195,
                   -1.1220703,
                   -1.3447266,
                   0.63378906,
                   -0.19567871,
                   4.1757812,
                   -0.6303711,
                   -0.4741211,
                   0.9873047,
                   -0.3310547,
                   0.2861328,
                   0.18554688,
                   -0.023742676,
                   1.5898438,
                   1.9570312,
                   -1.0214844,
                   -1.1738281,
                   -0.85498047,
                   0.7285156,
                   -0.99902344,
                   0.11462402,
                   -1.6357422,
                   1.1269531,
                   -0.7451172,
                   -2.7324219,
                   -1.7958984,
                   -0.54052734,
                   -1.3398438,
                   0.34472656,
                   1.0839844,
                   0.0075645447,
                   0.96875,
                   0.58984375,
                   -0.14758301,
                   0.2770996,
                   1.1787109,
                   0.32202148,
                   -0.8183594,
                   0.1694336,
                   -1.9892578,
                   0.13659668,
                   -0.5888672,
                   -1.3662109,
                   1.2236328,
                   1.2978516,
                   -0.5942383,
                   -0.69384766,
                   0.47387695,
                   -0.53466797,
                   1.2285156,
                   1.5869141,
                   1.0507812,
                   -1.3330078,
                   -0.23376465,
                   -0.89208984,
                   -1.3076172,
                   0.08306885,
                   -0.32739258,
                   -1.2460938,
                   0.42016602,
                   -1.3613281,
                   -0.26611328,
                   -2.3085938,
                   -0.7128906,
                   -0.31396484,
                   -0.35717773,
                   0.4501953,
                   -0.012481689,
                   1.7763672,
                   -0.51220703,
                   -1.0927734,
                   1.6826172,
                   0.15344238,
                   -0.66259766,
                   -0.041229248,
                   1.5732422,
                   2.2988281,
                   1.8886719,
                   0.79345703,
                   -1.3242188,
                   0.64746094,
                   -1.1328125,
                   -1.3046875,
                   1.3212891,
                   1.5537109,
                   0.33984375,
                   -0.8198242,
                   -1.4443359,
                   -0.26733398,
                   0.7314453,
                   -0.045898438,
                   -0.61035156,
                   0.18676758,
                   -0.36547852,
                   1.4482422,
                   1.6298828,
                   1.9277344,
                   0.8383789,
                   -0.6948242,
                   -0.78515625,
                   0.81689453,
                   0.41333008,
                   0.34570312,
                   -0.109069824,
                   -3.0332031,
                   -1.2783203,
                   0.78759766,
                   -1.5800781,
                   -0.6411133,
                   0.40771484,
                   -1.0849609,
                   0.11883545,
                   -0.44189453,
                   1.2441406,
                   -0.1829834,
                   -2.0371094,
                   -0.25512695,
                   0.34814453,
                   -0.27392578,
                   0.15185547,
                   -1.2714844,
                   1.0683594,
                   -1.2197266,
                   -0.53564453,
                   -0.4609375,
                   1.1152344,
                   1.1376953,
                   0.28320312,
                   -0.083862305,
                   2.5957031,
                   -1.2939453,
                   1.6152344,
                   -0.71533203,
                   -2.9375,
                   1.484375,
                   -0.99365234,
                   1.0488281,
                   -1.9375,
                   0.24194336,
                   0.77441406,
                   -0.81933594,
                   -0.72314453,
                   -0.16796875,
                   -0.027786255,
                   -0.20825195,
                   0.3935547,
                   0.48828125,
                   -0.7294922,
                   -1.2050781,
                   0.5517578,
                   -0.43579102,
                   -0.54589844,
                   -0.06298828,
                   -2.2109375,
                   0.22180176,
                   -3.1015625,
                   -0.28759766,
                   1.53125,
                   0.8852539,
                   -0.15332031,
                   1.1347656,
                   -1.1884766,
                   -1.5146484,
                   0.77001953,
                   1.2353516,
                   0.41479492,
                   0.89990234,
                   -1.7792969,
                   -0.010803223,
                   0.48486328,
                   -1.234375,
                   0.55322266,
                   0.6015625,
                   1.0625,
                   -1.8183594,
                   -0.25756836,
                   2.0527344,
                   -0.75097656,
                   1.2919922,
                   2.1464844,
                   -0.8496094,
                   1.2578125,
                   1.6660156,
                   -2.15625,
                   -0.7890625,
                   1.0898438,
                   -0.16894531,
                   -0.7104492,
                   -1.1835938,
                   0.69189453,
                   0.5830078,
                   1.0390625,
                   -2.9316406,
                   -0.77978516,
                   -0.5541992,
                   -4.3320312,
                   -1.7177734,
                   1.1445312,
                   3.7988281,
                   0.1751709,
                   1.2255859,
                   0.14404297,
                   -0.6484375,
                   0.8540039,
                   -0.49780273,
                   1.4931641,
                   -1.7001953,
                   0.59033203,
                   1.5107422,
                   0.027160645,
                   0.44726562,
                   -1.3925781,
                   2.7617188,
                   -1.9970703,
                   -0.39331055,
                   0.9633789,
                   -0.8417969,
                   0.89160156,
                   -0.43725586,
                   2.078125,
                   0.22058105,
                   -1.9853516,
                   0.42285156,
                   -1.6503906,
                   -0.46435547,
                   0.35424805,
                   3.8105469,
                   -1.0771484,
                   -0.65722656,
                   0.37158203,
                   1.3671875,
                   0.5551758,
                   0.06097412,
                   -2.2363281,
                   -1.6416016,
                   0.5371094,
                   0.38061523,
                   1.2587891,
                   -0.10095215,
                   1.6464844,
                   -2.796875,
                   0.066711426,
                   0.4230957,
                   -1.4169922,
                   0.074401855,
                   -0.67285156,
                   -0.23095703,
                   -0.2902832,
                   1.4042969,
                   0.73583984,
                   0.12438965,
                   0.61621094,
                   0.3310547,
                   0.8120117,
                   0.4807129,
                   1.8857422,
                   1.2109375,
                   -0.13623047,
                   0.23852539,
                   -0.73779297,
                   1.296875,
                   -2.0761719,
                   -0.7216797,
                   -2.6621094,
                   -0.46289062,
                   -1.8769531,
                   0.38842773,
                   1.0605469,
                   1.2539062,
                   1.578125,
                   -0.57910156,
                   -0.3161621,
                   -0.26513672,
                   0.54785156,
                   0.07128906,
                   0.9614258,
                   -0.095336914,
                   -0.94091797,
                   0.15917969,
                   0.11621094,
                   1.2431641,
                   -1.8642578,
                   -1.1875,
                   1.1884766,
                   -1.1035156,
                   -0.8286133,
                   -0.35839844,
                   -2.0742188,
                   0.28100586,
                   0.38427734,
                   -0.27661133,
                   -1.5097656,
                   1.1123047,
                   3.0351562,
                   -0.89990234,
                   -0.7060547,
                   -2.5566406,
                   -0.33789062,
                   -1.0449219,
                   1.4355469,
                   0.3017578,
                   -0.38964844,
                   -0.22570801,
                   -0.7973633,
                   5.0820312,
                   0.35424805,
                   -0.095947266,
                   -1.3691406,
                   -0.52734375,
                   0.6220703,
                   1.5253906,
                   -0.9980469,
                   -0.0513916,
                   -1.1533203,
                   -0.85498047,
                   1.203125,
                   -1.6005859,
                   2.6796875,
                   -0.4675293,
                   0.24157715,
                   -0.2019043,
                   -0.828125,
                   0.5209961,
                   0.54541016,
                   0.17749023,
                   0.64697266,
                   2.0195312,
                   1.4589844,
                   1.4091797,
                   1.4716797,
                   -0.2788086,
                   0.053131104,
                   -0.99121094,
                   0.47485352,
                   0.83496094,
                   0.13684082,
                   -2.7714844,
                   -0.5385742,
                   -0.9604492,
                   0.52685547,
                   0.1628418,
                   0.73339844,
                   -0.62890625,
                   -0.81591797,
                   1.3691406,
                   -0.5966797,
                   1.5595703,
                   -0.093933105,
                   0.27148438,
                   -0.2692871,
                   0.58935547,
                   -1.1083984,
                   -0.3642578,
                   1.7753906,
                   1.0488281,
                   -1.3066406,
                   0.2939453,
                   0.32714844,
                   1.7851562,
                   -0.7324219,
                   2.2988281,
                   0.8833008,
                   2.9785156,
                   1.8837891,
                   0.9448242,
                   -1.2167969,
                   1.0478516,
                   0.3996582,
                   -0.75,
                   0.6591797,
                   -2.2578125,
                   -0.7011719,
                   -0.5410156,
                   1.3046875,
                   -0.57666016,
                   2.5214844,
                   0.7680664,
                   1.8652344,
                   1.0,
                   0.30371094,
                   -1.5,
                   -0.6010742,
                   -0.050689697,
                   -0.0713501,
                   -1.5546875,
                   -0.20288086,
                   -1.4023438,
                   -1.5,
                   -0.66552734,
                   -1.1132812,
                   1.2998047,
                   -0.7319336,
                   0.32080078,
                   0.64746094,
                   0.043121338,
                   -0.69970703,
                   -0.43798828,
                   1.0869141,
                   -0.7080078,
                   -2.390625,
                   -3.0820312,
                   -0.90283203,
                   -2.015625,
                   2.1953125,
                   -0.39526367,
                   1.1728516,
                   -0.73828125,
                   0.5957031,
                   2.1679688,
                   -0.38500977,
                   1.9951172,
                   -0.28564453,
                   1.9785156,
                   0.89208984,
                   2.5351562,
                   -1.7509766,
                   0.5830078,
                   -0.01626587,
                   1.5429688,
                   0.27856445,
                   1.8056641,
                   -0.12158203,
                   0.24475098,
                   0.6669922,
                   2.1054688,
                   0.7504883,
                   -0.7675781,
                   -1.8125,
                   0.013214111,
                   -0.90185547,
                   -0.21789551,
                   0.3864746,
                   -1.4580078,
                   -2.53125,
                   0.33422852,
                   -1.2480469,
                   -0.13098145,
                   -0.6044922,
                   0.6743164,
                   0.28393555,
                   1.0371094,
                   0.30249023,
                   1.3242188,
                   0.09881592,
                   -0.65966797,
                   -0.45507812,
                   -0.036254883,
                   0.75341797,
                   -2.7128906,
                   -0.06329346,
                   0.83203125,
                   0.39624023,
                   -0.20654297,
                   0.390625,
                   0.48583984,
                   -0.43188477,
                   1.7910156,
                   -0.16918945,
                   -0.8725586,
                   -1.9882812,
                   0.122802734,
                   0.4345703,
                   -0.17700195,
                   1.1191406,
                   -1.0117188,
                   1.8964844,
                   0.11694336,
                   1.0029297,
                   -0.6591797,
                   -1.0322266,
                   -1.0048828,
                   0.041015625,
                   -0.10620117,
                   1.3818359,
                   1.1757812,
                   -0.24804688,
                   0.12109375,
                   0.5600586,
                   -0.0496521,
                   -0.96972656,
                   -1.0107422,
                   1.3369141,
                   -0.24401855,
                   -1.4599609,
                   2.3496094,
                   1.2402344,
                   0.7167969,
                   -1.6015625,
                   -3.6914062,
                   -0.5625,
                   1.0146484,
                   -2.4023438,
                   -0.19152832,
                   -0.45385742,
                   -0.54003906,
                   -0.98583984,
                   -2.3378906,
                   0.1048584,
                   -0.4074707,
                   0.86279297,
                   3.6503906,
                   -0.17468262,
                   0.45043945,
                   -2.2011719,
                   1.8349609,
                   -1.1074219,
                   -1.1152344,
                   0.61279297,
                   2.7011719,
                   -0.34204102,
                   -2.1875,
                   -0.17346191,
                   1.2871094,
                   0.12426758,
                   -0.22290039,
                   0.86328125,
                   0.23376465,
                   -1.5888672,
                   0.32226562,
                   -1.5927734,
                   -0.44384766,
                   0.98583984,
                   -1.3320312,
                   0.94140625,
                   -1.2207031,
                   1.2294922,
                   -2.1640625,
                   1.8613281,
                   2.7441406,
                   -0.59521484,
                   0.6513672,
                   -1.3154297,
                   -1.4921875,
                   0.0058898926,
                   -0.6298828,
                   -0.9404297,
                   -0.91503906,
                   -2.6855469,
                   1.0439453,
                   -0.8833008,
                   0.7084961,
                   0.3479004,
                   1.7724609,
                   -0.83740234,
                   -0.24023438,
                   2.0898438,
                   -0.11419678,
                   0.5620117,
                   2.0390625,
                   -1.9140625,
                   1.2832031,
                   1.9902344,
                   -1.0185547,
                   1.6962891,
                   -1.265625,
                   -0.5415039,
                   0.93652344,
                   -1.4072266,
                   0.59472656,
                   -0.54541016,
                   1.9677734,
                   0.45336914,
                   0.46826172,
                   -0.08215332,
                   1.3828125,
                   0.80615234,
                   0.44799805,
                   -1.6875,
                   0.29223633,
                   0.8569336,
                   -0.018203735,
                   0.20996094,
                   -1.8476562
              ],
              [
                   0.10266113,
                   -0.82470703,
                   -0.43359375,
                   -1.2382812,
                   -0.57470703,
                   0.8691406,
                   0.61621094,
                   0.5024414,
                   0.083496094,
                   -1.1855469,
                   -1.6777344,
                   1.3691406,
                   2.1933594,
                   0.70996094,
                   -0.7451172,
                   0.82177734,
                   -1.2734375,
                   -0.47216797,
                   0.53808594,
                   -0.57421875,
                   0.10687256,
                   0.39892578,
                   0.5498047,
                   -0.63916016,
                   1.203125,
                   2.8105469,
                   7.0273438,
                   -0.7421875,
                   0.92089844,
                   0.84033203,
                   -0.75439453,
                   0.62841797,
                   2.7910156,
                   -0.7270508,
                   -1.1376953,
                   1.1269531,
                   0.6479492,
                   -0.7973633,
                   0.8798828,
                   1.6376953,
                   0.81689453,
                   -1.1914062,
                   -0.20825195,
                   0.6791992,
                   -0.9667969,
                   -0.8925781,
                   -1.1044922,
                   -1.2080078,
                   -1.1777344,
                   0.6074219,
                   -0.025680542,
                   -0.25854492,
                   0.028823853,
                   0.2631836,
                   0.5180664,
                   0.61621094,
                   1.0830078,
                   -0.33251953,
                   0.7832031,
                   1.2646484,
                   -0.49902344,
                   -0.8540039,
                   -0.7475586,
                   -0.8378906,
                   -1.0087891,
                   -1.3662109,
                   -1.2666016,
                   -2.0683594,
                   -1.2382812,
                   -1.0742188,
                   -0.36547852,
                   0.42993164,
                   0.46606445,
                   0.47607422,
                   -1.1298828,
                   -0.64501953,
                   0.25927734,
                   0.1895752,
                   0.4387207,
                   -1.1826172,
                   1.3154297,
                   0.83203125,
                   1.4511719,
                   -0.040283203,
                   -0.4609375,
                   -1.4248047,
                   0.2944336,
                   -0.87353516,
                   1.4648438,
                   -0.31445312,
                   -2.2851562,
                   -0.3034668,
                   -3.0878906,
                   -9.8125,
                   -3.0371094,
                   1.015625,
                   -1.5595703,
                   -1.5810547,
                   -0.5566406,
                   0.17492676,
                   2.6914062,
                   -0.27978516,
                   2.6210938,
                   -0.7211914,
                   0.33276367,
                   1.0488281,
                   0.19067383,
                   -0.0803833,
                   0.62109375,
                   -0.76953125,
                   0.07141113,
                   -0.19311523,
                   0.78271484,
                   0.9819336,
                   0.57470703,
                   0.18310547,
                   1.5917969,
                   1.3828125,
                   -0.5415039,
                   -0.15588379,
                   1.0419922,
                   -0.73779297,
                   -0.5727539,
                   -1.3994141,
                   -0.053375244,
                   -1.6699219,
                   1.1914062,
                   2.5195312,
                   -1.5488281,
                   0.421875,
                   -0.38452148,
                   1.1435547,
                   -0.65527344,
                   1.6884766,
                   -0.1697998,
                   1.1044922,
                   0.10864258,
                   -1.4550781,
                   0.52783203,
                   -0.57910156,
                   0.6826172,
                   -1.1835938,
                   1.2626953,
                   -1.0712891,
                   0.8339844,
                   0.09899902,
                   -1.3203125,
                   0.8696289,
                   0.47192383,
                   0.5258789,
                   -0.4892578,
                   1.1386719,
                   -1.3466797,
                   -0.73339844,
                   -0.08532715,
                   -0.8022461,
                   -0.016082764,
                   -0.92041016,
                   0.68847656,
                   0.32788086,
                   -2.0605469,
                   1.9179688,
                   -1.234375,
                   1.1914062,
                   0.72314453,
                   -0.33007812,
                   -3.4726562,
                   3.0605469,
                   1.5039062,
                   0.22497559,
                   -1.71875,
                   -0.69140625,
                   0.25708008,
                   0.40673828,
                   -0.26000977,
                   1.2802734,
                   0.28442383,
                   0.8676758,
                   0.6225586,
                   -1.6337891,
                   0.1083374,
                   1.7099609,
                   -1.0126953,
                   -1.6943359,
                   0.9140625,
                   1.2744141,
                   1.3251953,
                   -2.3300781,
                   0.52490234,
                   -1.5039062,
                   1.9189453,
                   -0.40966797,
                   -1.5888672,
                   1.9755859,
                   2.2207031,
                   -0.66015625,
                   2.0605469,
                   0.8286133,
                   1.9179688,
                   1.3125,
                   1.2470703,
                   0.9433594,
                   1.046875,
                   -1.0097656,
                   -0.23242188,
                   0.74560547,
                   1.3242188,
                   1.7675781,
                   0.9375,
                   1.390625,
                   0.45507812,
                   -0.2421875,
                   0.15771484,
                   0.4736328,
                   -0.18383789,
                   -0.8510742,
                   1.8408203,
                   -0.74121094,
                   0.24694824,
                   1.0722656,
                   -0.96484375,
                   2.015625,
                   0.10736084,
                   0.39697266,
                   0.44384766,
                   0.09082031,
                   0.4790039,
                   0.2697754,
                   1.0078125,
                   -0.65625,
                   -0.10559082,
                   0.4345703,
                   -0.4296875,
                   -0.76464844,
                   -0.43041992,
                   1.4580078,
                   -0.46142578,
                   -0.07171631,
                   -0.27416992,
                   0.3100586,
                   1.3359375,
                   -1.1982422,
                   1.375,
                   -1.5800781,
                   0.32592773,
                   0.36206055,
                   0.42626953,
                   0.32763672,
                   0.4099121,
                   1.4296875,
                   1.4287109,
                   0.024871826,
                   -0.033203125,
                   2.2714844,
                   -0.8198242,
                   1.2265625,
                   0.050811768,
                   -0.49243164,
                   0.51171875,
                   -0.0715332,
                   1.1142578,
                   -0.6123047,
                   1.9863281,
                   1.5341797,
                   1.0195312,
                   -0.8930664,
                   -0.061706543,
                   1.7607422,
                   -0.68115234,
                   -0.19189453,
                   -0.6479492,
                   -0.3503418,
                   -2.1484375,
                   -0.54785156,
                   -0.2434082,
                   -0.3317871,
                   -1.609375,
                   -0.34887695,
                   -0.5288086,
                   1.9462891,
                   0.3840332,
                   -0.03451538,
                   -2.4414062,
                   1.0683594,
                   0.21960449,
                   -0.14819336,
                   -0.4814453,
                   -1.0195312,
                   -0.6113281,
                   0.21179199,
                   2.4882812,
                   1.7460938,
                   2.0175781,
                   2.7597656,
                   -0.4272461,
                   -0.18774414,
                   -2.0449219,
                   0.2668457,
                   0.2644043,
                   1.0888672,
                   -0.07952881,
                   1.5546875,
                   -0.80859375,
                   1.1455078,
                   0.6821289,
                   -1.7753906,
                   -0.30297852,
                   1.5722656,
                   -0.34277344,
                   -0.6933594,
                   0.265625,
                   -0.5263672,
                   0.9741211,
                   -0.6191406,
                   -0.24890137,
                   -0.34301758,
                   -2.5371094,
                   0.42211914,
                   -1.5283203,
                   0.093811035,
                   -0.04977417,
                   -0.9760742,
                   -0.45043945,
                   -0.33496094,
                   -0.11004639,
                   0.17956543,
                   -0.3347168,
                   0.87841797,
                   -0.20153809,
                   -0.89697266,
                   0.111083984,
                   0.03253174,
                   -1.2705078,
                   -0.7675781,
                   -0.78759766,
                   -0.19250488,
                   -0.51953125,
                   0.55029297,
                   -0.05529785,
                   0.35620117,
                   0.25756836,
                   1.1640625,
                   0.5932617,
                   0.4260254,
                   1.5087891,
                   -4.8007812,
                   0.50439453,
                   1.9892578,
                   0.4675293,
                   -0.80371094,
                   -0.12890625,
                   0.8857422,
                   1.6611328,
                   -5.2773438,
                   -2.5664062,
                   0.84521484,
                   -2.4589844,
                   -0.40625,
                   1.7949219,
                   0.5625,
                   1.09375,
                   -3.0625,
                   0.23510742,
                   -2.1035156,
                   -0.57373047,
                   0.44750977,
                   1.8623047,
                   0.5371094,
                   -1.0859375,
                   -0.51708984,
                   0.65527344,
                   0.34594727,
                   1.0341797,
                   0.68847656,
                   0.40014648,
                   -0.16784668,
                   -0.062927246,
                   1.7910156,
                   0.37597656,
                   0.51171875,
                   -1.2246094,
                   0.296875,
                   0.48632812,
                   0.028915405,
                   0.375,
                   1.9414062,
                   1.3496094,
                   1.2246094,
                   1.1884766,
                   1.3798828,
                   -0.07232666,
                   0.53759766,
                   0.68359375,
                   1.1845703,
                   0.11102295,
                   1.0849609,
                   0.7988281,
                   -0.26220703,
                   -2.2910156,
                   -0.60839844,
                   -0.55126953,
                   -0.46533203,
                   -1.8007812,
                   -0.10632324,
                   -0.20251465,
                   -0.22106934,
                   -0.12902832,
                   0.5810547,
                   1.6220703,
                   -0.91064453,
                   0.5708008,
                   0.3034668,
                   1.1142578,
                   -1.1074219,
                   1.6708984,
                   -0.00049591064,
                   0.63623047,
                   -1.5537109,
                   0.40795898,
                   -1.3369141,
                   0.1817627,
                   -0.7949219,
                   0.9819336,
                   1.4052734,
                   -0.42529297,
                   -2.7480469,
                   -0.9707031,
                   0.17663574,
                   1.9345703,
                   -1.7050781,
                   0.40771484,
                   0.18334961,
                   2.2578125,
                   -0.12841797,
                   0.265625,
                   -0.22192383,
                   -1.234375,
                   0.36767578,
                   -0.39111328,
                   1.6162109,
                   0.90283203,
                   0.72021484,
                   0.6845703,
                   -1.1152344,
                   -0.31396484,
                   1.1142578,
                   1.7617188,
                   -0.43310547,
                   -1.3232422,
                   -0.52978516,
                   0.7446289,
                   -0.4934082,
                   -0.1315918,
                   -1.4326172,
                   1.1894531,
                   0.064819336,
                   3.375,
                   -0.7714844,
                   -0.6269531,
                   1.7822266,
                   0.24060059,
                   0.17980957,
                   -0.9067383,
                   -0.023834229,
                   0.6123047,
                   2.0878906,
                   -2.1347656,
                   0.28686523,
                   -0.98876953,
                   0.22058105,
                   -0.24645996,
                   -0.08959961,
                   -0.14172363,
                   0.8120117,
                   -1.6142578,
                   -2.3769531,
                   -1.9267578,
                   0.21948242,
                   -1.2792969,
                   0.18688965,
                   0.23486328,
                   -0.81591797,
                   0.19494629,
                   -0.20581055,
                   -0.17480469,
                   0.016952515,
                   0.9848633,
                   0.4423828,
                   1.1269531,
                   0.55029297,
                   -1.0439453,
                   -0.056671143,
                   -0.39819336,
                   -2.3710938,
                   0.011528015,
                   1.5458984,
                   -0.9790039,
                   -0.97509766,
                   0.033721924,
                   -0.38061523,
                   0.6274414,
                   2.5292969,
                   1.1015625,
                   -1.0761719,
                   -0.38720703,
                   -0.515625,
                   -0.61035156,
                   0.92578125,
                   -0.81933594,
                   -2.0859375,
                   1.0722656,
                   -1.7617188,
                   0.5595703,
                   -1.671875,
                   -0.74072266,
                   -0.09454346,
                   -1.2080078,
                   -0.7631836,
                   0.044952393,
                   0.64208984,
                   -0.46801758,
                   -1.9394531,
                   1.8164062,
                   -0.69140625,
                   -0.71484375,
                   -1.0498047,
                   1.2548828,
                   1.8457031,
                   1.0830078,
                   1.21875,
                   -1.6191406,
                   0.9863281,
                   -1.3681641,
                   -1.9033203,
                   0.7753906,
                   1.5136719,
                   0.7597656,
                   -0.34423828,
                   -1.3095703,
                   -0.48242188,
                   1.5800781,
                   -0.049224854,
                   -0.7441406,
                   1.3945312,
                   -0.77490234,
                   1.5419922,
                   1.6298828,
                   1.6015625,
                   0.079833984,
                   -1.7421875,
                   -0.9008789,
                   2.2519531,
                   -1.0517578,
                   -0.7626953,
                   0.036376953,
                   -4.1640625,
                   -1.4501953,
                   0.18579102,
                   -1.4960938,
                   0.04083252,
                   1.4658203,
                   -1.2783203,
                   0.10046387,
                   -0.53808594,
                   1.0576172,
                   -0.1817627,
                   -1.6816406,
                   0.50097656,
                   1.2568359,
                   0.3239746,
                   -0.4958496,
                   -2.4238281,
                   1.4912109,
                   -1.953125,
                   -0.54052734,
                   0.09564209,
                   1.546875,
                   0.52490234,
                   0.99902344,
                   -0.8564453,
                   2.4785156,
                   -1.1298828,
                   0.78759766,
                   -0.63427734,
                   -3.4453125,
                   2.1308594,
                   -1.125,
                   1.8251953,
                   -1.2353516,
                   -0.42456055,
                   0.36376953,
                   -1.6542969,
                   -1.6728516,
                   -0.7661133,
                   0.087768555,
                   -1.09375,
                   0.17602539,
                   0.07446289,
                   0.2076416,
                   -2.0722656,
                   0.8222656,
                   -0.61816406,
                   0.30932617,
                   0.12597656,
                   -1.8251953,
                   0.27929688,
                   -1.8378906,
                   -0.16638184,
                   1.1523438,
                   0.99853516,
                   -0.16333008,
                   1.4833984,
                   -2.0058594,
                   -0.7734375,
                   0.30004883,
                   2.03125,
                   0.10620117,
                   0.4477539,
                   -1.7314453,
                   -1.3037109,
                   -0.51123047,
                   -1.0322266,
                   0.50878906,
                   0.45825195,
                   0.7441406,
                   -2.3574219,
                   -0.75097656,
                   1.9492188,
                   0.061309814,
                   1.4462891,
                   3.1425781,
                   0.16882324,
                   1.6826172,
                   2.2832031,
                   -1.4541016,
                   -1.6123047,
                   0.5834961,
                   0.062316895,
                   -1.4257812,
                   -1.0761719,
                   0.77978516,
                   0.9082031,
                   1.0615234,
                   -4.703125,
                   -0.77783203,
                   -0.28320312,
                   -3.0488281,
                   -2.3984375,
                   1.1074219,
                   3.3691406,
                   0.10614014,
                   0.8129883,
                   -0.32861328,
                   -1.0732422,
                   0.13757324,
                   -0.80615234,
                   1.7011719,
                   -2.0039062,
                   -0.9404297,
                   0.71972656,
                   0.5546875,
                   0.44091797,
                   -0.35791016,
                   1.7275391,
                   -1.5166016,
                   -0.031433105,
                   -0.2590332,
                   -1.0683594,
                   0.9941406,
                   -0.23474121,
                   1.3925781,
                   -0.014274597,
                   -1.8994141,
                   0.71777344,
                   -0.6191406,
                   -1.2636719,
                   -0.16333008,
                   5.0742188,
                   -1.2421875,
                   -0.54052734,
                   0.46533203,
                   2.0644531,
                   0.82177734,
                   -1.1337891,
                   -3.0214844,
                   -2.2695312,
                   0.39990234,
                   0.26782227,
                   2.5820312,
                   -0.39575195,
                   1.0527344,
                   -2.046875,
                   0.16491699,
                   0.7128906,
                   -0.27563477,
                   0.39672852,
                   -0.0059814453,
                   -1.1005859,
                   -0.13598633,
                   0.44360352,
                   0.6748047,
                   -1.0927734,
                   0.1694336,
                   -0.36132812,
                   0.50390625,
                   0.83984375,
                   1.7763672,
                   1.5429688,
                   -0.6459961,
                   0.10900879,
                   -0.23620605,
                   2.6875,
                   -1.3457031,
                   -0.86621094,
                   -3.7539062,
                   -0.45043945,
                   -1.5126953,
                   0.78222656,
                   0.27929688,
                   1.7177734,
                   1.1542969,
                   -0.6352539,
                   -0.45703125,
                   -0.6401367,
                   0.76220703,
                   1.1962891,
                   0.0011787415,
                   0.11627197,
                   -0.84814453,
                   0.8930664,
                   0.40576172,
                   0.96533203,
                   -1.3984375,
                   -1.1083984,
                   0.99072266,
                   -0.57910156,
                   0.003189087,
                   -0.79345703,
                   -1.7841797,
                   0.16271973,
                   0.9223633,
                   -1.0361328,
                   -0.74072266,
                   1.1005859,
                   2.9023438,
                   -0.6635742,
                   -0.10662842,
                   -1.4345703,
                   -0.6699219,
                   -0.43920898,
                   1.9257812,
                   0.7573242,
                   -0.082092285,
                   0.2446289,
                   -1.4707031,
                   4.6796875,
                   0.6689453,
                   0.8701172,
                   -0.11480713,
                   -1.1113281,
                   0.33813477,
                   2.1757812,
                   -0.88916016,
                   -0.009613037,
                   -1.9628906,
                   0.41845703,
                   0.41357422,
                   -1.9589844,
                   2.2382812,
                   -0.7524414,
                   0.39379883,
                   0.46435547,
                   -1.7304688,
                   1.2197266,
                   1.4267578,
                   0.017044067,
                   1.0117188,
                   2.5566406,
                   2.2695312,
                   0.07458496,
                   1.5498047,
                   -0.20227051,
                   0.54589844,
                   -0.9453125,
                   0.578125,
                   0.8803711,
                   1.1083984,
                   -1.6376953,
                   -0.1850586,
                   -1.4570312,
                   0.26904297,
                   -0.24963379,
                   1.6416016,
                   -0.21643066,
                   -1.2041016,
                   0.94091797,
                   0.90185547,
                   1.1806641,
                   1.4316406,
                   -0.13464355,
                   0.37109375,
                   1.6679688,
                   0.5107422,
                   0.24133301,
                   1.6914062,
                   1.9169922,
                   -0.8095703,
                   0.80908203,
                   1.0673828,
                   2.0019531,
                   -1.328125,
                   2.7910156,
                   1.5517578,
                   2.5644531,
                   1.8330078,
                   0.6538086,
                   -0.50634766,
                   0.9663086,
                   -0.31884766,
                   -1.7011719,
                   0.72998047,
                   -2.2011719,
                   0.6201172,
                   0.50878906,
                   1.8691406,
                   -0.9140625,
                   1.9638672,
                   1.9091797,
                   1.2519531,
                   1.5654297,
                   0.42114258,
                   -1.3486328,
                   -0.48120117,
                   0.3996582,
                   0.13427734,
                   -1.7783203,
                   -0.8901367,
                   -1.2880859,
                   -1.9433594,
                   -0.4519043,
                   -1.8378906,
                   1.7441406,
                   -0.07086182,
                   1.0048828,
                   1.1630859,
                   -0.6245117,
                   -1.3564453,
                   -0.86376953,
                   -0.2536621,
                   -0.3305664,
                   -3.0625,
                   -2.3984375,
                   -0.44848633,
                   -2.1777344,
                   2.0039062,
                   0.13366699,
                   0.67333984,
                   0.33007812,
                   0.44750977,
                   2.5820312,
                   -0.64404297,
                   1.7851562,
                   -0.049682617,
                   2.078125,
                   0.8261719,
                   2.3945312,
                   -2.3144531,
                   0.8857422,
                   -0.8383789,
                   2.0234375,
                   0.71240234,
                   2.3066406,
                   -0.6816406,
                   1.0693359,
                   0.953125,
                   1.6210938,
                   1.4892578,
                   -1.1298828,
                   -0.84716797,
                   1.6767578,
                   -1.0039062,
                   -1.3398438,
                   0.8432617,
                   -1.5117188,
                   -2.9375,
                   0.043029785,
                   -0.7055664,
                   -0.24255371,
                   -0.33740234,
                   1.90625,
                   0.79785156,
                   0.5395508,
                   -0.43310547,
                   1.9794922,
                   -0.359375,
                   -0.2854004,
                   -1.0126953,
                   -0.7363281,
                   0.45458984,
                   -2.3789062,
                   -0.02116394,
                   1.578125,
                   1.2519531,
                   0.4248047,
                   -0.32373047,
                   0.90527344,
                   -1.4931641,
                   0.6269531,
                   -1.2939453,
                   -0.4970703,
                   -2.5898438,
                   -0.023071289,
                   0.88183594,
                   -1.1523438,
                   1.4423828,
                   0.28637695,
                   2.890625,
                   1.3085938,
                   1.5693359,
                   -0.68603516,
                   -1.6582031,
                   -0.6064453,
                   0.11151123,
                   0.09161377,
                   0.79345703,
                   1.2421875,
                   -2.5585938,
                   -0.65234375,
                   0.5493164,
                   -0.5361328,
                   -0.87597656,
                   -1.4873047,
                   1.7548828,
                   -0.15600586,
                   -0.89160156,
                   2.625,
                   0.5888672,
                   1.1953125,
                   -1.3720703,
                   -4.2773438,
                   -0.9584961,
                   -0.35424805,
                   -2.1953125,
                   0.9321289,
                   0.0027999878,
                   -0.79248047,
                   -1.6884766,
                   -1.7314453,
                   0.33642578,
                   -1.0390625,
                   1.2314453,
                   4.28125,
                   -0.76220703,
                   -0.13574219,
                   -2.265625,
                   1.4912109,
                   -1.5146484,
                   -0.9375,
                   0.5229492,
                   3.0097656,
                   0.26049805,
                   -3.75,
                   0.6220703,
                   1.8105469,
                   0.17077637,
                   -1.6699219,
                   0.69873047,
                   0.92626953,
                   -0.99902344,
                   0.49951172,
                   -1.2675781,
                   0.5444336,
                   1.0566406,
                   -1.0175781,
                   1.0341797,
                   -0.6044922,
                   1.5791016,
                   -1.3701172,
                   2.3183594,
                   2.828125,
                   -0.40893555,
                   0.4645996,
                   -0.8300781,
                   -0.9272461,
                   -0.7832031,
                   -1.1757812,
                   -1.8115234,
                   -1.8916016,
                   -2.7949219,
                   0.79003906,
                   -1.5175781,
                   -0.12231445,
                   -0.24291992,
                   2.3828125,
                   -1.4833984,
                   -0.59716797,
                   1.8388672,
                   1.5458984,
                   -0.08001709,
                   2.0371094,
                   -0.1854248,
                   1.5029297,
                   0.9892578,
                   -0.8222656,
                   1.7988281,
                   -1.7900391,
                   0.3630371,
                   0.88964844,
                   -1.0644531,
                   1.1386719,
                   -1.1328125,
                   2.1601562,
                   0.70751953,
                   0.3022461,
                   -0.49145508,
                   0.8881836,
                   1.0751953,
                   0.9941406,
                   -2.8984375,
                   0.09863281,
                   1.5800781,
                   -0.049072266,
                   -0.18444824,
                   -1.0898438
              ]
         ],
         "id": "e3b7fd13-20c7-432e-b3e2-e8d21c5e09ed",
         "inputs": null,
         "model-id": "cohere.embed-english-light-v2.0",
         "model-version": "2.0"
    }
   }
