"list"
******

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Gets the job for a specific ID or the list of jobs for a Managed
Database or Managed Database Group in a specific compartment. Only one
of the parameters, ID, managedDatabaseId or managedDatabaseGroupId,
should be provided. If none of these parameters is provided, all the
jobs in the compartment are listed. Jobs can also be filtered based on
the name and lifecycleState parameters.


Usage
=====

   oci database-management job list [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment.


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--id [text]

The identifier of the resource.

--lifecycle-state [text]

The lifecycle state of the job.

Accepted values are:

   ACTIVE, INACTIVE

--limit [integer]

The maximum number of records returned in the paginated response.

--managed-database-group-id [text]

The OCID of the Managed Database Group.

--managed-database-id [text]

The OCID of the Managed Database.

--name [text]

A filter to return only resources that match the entire name.

--page [text]

The page token representing the page from where the next set of
paginated results are retrieved. This is usually retrieved from a
previous list call.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--sort-by [text]

The field to sort information by. Only one sortOrder can be used. The
default sort order for ‘TIMECREATED’ is descending and the default
sort order for ‘NAME’ is ascending. The ‘NAME’ sort order is case-
sensitive.

Accepted values are:

   NAME, TIMECREATED

--sort-order [text]

The option to sort information in ascending (‘ASC’) or descending
(‘DESC’) order. Ascending order is the default order.

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/database-management/job/list.html#cmdoption-compartment-id

       oci database-management job list --compartment-id $compartment_id
