"invoke"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Invokes a function


Usage
=====

   oci fn function invoke [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--body [text]

The body of the function invocation. Note: The maximum size of the
request is limited. This limit is currently 6MB and the endpoint will
not accept requests that are bigger than this limit.

--file [filename]

The name of the file that will receive the response data, or ‘-‘ to
write to STDOUT.

--function-id [text]

The OCID of this function.


Optional Parameters
===================

--fn-intent [text]

An optional intent header that indicates to the FDK the way the event
should be interpreted. E.g. ‘httprequest’, ‘cloudevent’.

Accepted values are:

   cloudevent, httprequest

--fn-invoke-type [text]

Indicates whether Oracle Functions should execute the request and
return the result (‘sync’) of the execution, or whether Oracle
Functions should return as soon as processing has begun (‘detached’)
and leave result handling to the function.

Accepted values are:

   detached, sync

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--is-dry-run [boolean]

Indicates that the request is a dry run, if set to “true”. A dry run
request does not execute the function.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy and paste the following example into a JSON file, replacing the
example parameters with your own.

       oci fn application create --generate-param-json-input subnet-ids > subnet-ids.json

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/fn/application/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export display_name=<substitute-value-of-display_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/fn/application/create.html#cmdoption-display-name
       export image=<substitute-value-of-image> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/fn/function/create.html#cmdoption-image
       export memory_in_mbs=<substitute-value-of-memory_in_mbs> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/fn/function/create.html#cmdoption-memory-in-mbs
       export body=<substitute-value-of-body> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/fn/function/invoke.html#cmdoption-body

       application_id=$(oci fn application create --compartment-id $compartment_id --display-name $display_name --subnet-ids file://subnet-ids.json --query data.id --raw-output)

       function_id=$(oci fn function create --application-id $application_id --display-name $display_name --image $image --memory-in-mbs $memory_in_mbs --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci fn function invoke --body $body --file $file --function-id $function_id
