"list-inclusion-criteria"
*************************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

List inclusion criteria associated with a governance rule. Governance
rule id must be supplied. An optional inclusion criterion id or a
lifecycle state can also be supplied.


Usage
=====

   oci governance-rules-control-plane governance-rule inclusion-criterion list-inclusion-criteria [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--governance-rule-id [text]

Unique governance rule identifier.


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--inclusion-criterion-id [text]

Unique inclusion criterion identifier.

--lifecycle-state [text]

A filter to return only resources when their lifecycle state matches
the given lifecycle state.

Accepted values are:

   ACTIVE, DELETED

--limit [integer]

The maximum number of items to return.

--page [text]

A token representing the position at which to start retrieving
results. This must come from the *opc-next-page* header field of a
previous response.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--sort-by [text]

The field to sort by. Only one sort order may be provided. Default
order for timeCreated is descending. Default order for displayName is
ascending.

Accepted values are:

   displayName, timeCreated

--sort-order [text]

The sort order to use, either ‘ASC’ or ‘DESC’.

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy and paste the following example into a JSON file, replacing the
example parameters with your own.

       oci governance-rules-control-plane governance-rule governance-rule create --generate-param-json-input template > template.json

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/governance-rules-control-plane/governance-rule/governance-rule/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export creation_option=<substitute-value-of-creation_option> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/governance-rules-control-plane/governance-rule/governance-rule/create.html#cmdoption-creation-option
       export display_name=<substitute-value-of-display_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/governance-rules-control-plane/governance-rule/governance-rule/create.html#cmdoption-display-name
       export type=<substitute-value-of-type> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/governance-rules-control-plane/governance-rule/governance-rule/create.html#cmdoption-type

       governance_rule_id=$(oci governance-rules-control-plane governance-rule governance-rule create --compartment-id $compartment_id --creation-option $creation_option --display-name $display_name --template file://template.json --type $type --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci governance-rules-control-plane governance-rule inclusion-criterion list-inclusion-criteria --governance-rule-id $governance_rule_id
