"list"
******

* Description

* Usage

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Gets a list of listings from Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Marketplace
by searching keywords and filtering according to listing attributes.

If you plan to launch an instance from an image listing, you must
first subscribe to the listing. When you launch the instance, you also
need to provide the image ID of the listing resource version that you
want.

Subscribing to the listing requires you to first get a signature from
the terms of use agreement for the listing resource version. To get
the signature, issue a GetAppCatalogListingAgreements API call. The
AppCatalogListingResourceVersionAgreements object, including its
signature, is returned in the response. With the signature for the
terms of use agreement for the desired listing resource version,
create a subscription by issuing a CreateAppCatalogSubscription API
call.

To get the image ID to launch an instance, issue a
GetAppCatalogListingResourceVersion API call. Lastly, to launch the
instance, use the image ID of the listing resource version to issue a
LaunchInstance API call.


Usage
=====

   oci marketplace listing list [OPTIONS]


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--category [text]

Name of the product category or categories. If you specify multiple
categories, then Marketplace returns any listing with one or more
matching categories.

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The unique identifier for the compartment.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--image-id [text]

The image identifier of the listing.

--is-featured [boolean]

Indicates whether to show only featured listings. If this is set to
*false* or is omitted, then all listings will be returned.

--limit [integer]

How many records to return. Specify a value greater than zero and less
than or equal to 1000. The default is 30.

--listing-id [text]

The unique identifier for the listing.

--listing-types [text]

The type of the listing.

Accepted values are:

   COMMUNITY, PARTNER, PRIVATE

--name [text]

The name of the listing.

--operating-systems [text]

The operating system of the listing.

--package-type [text]

A filter to return only packages that match the given package type
exactly.

--page [text]

The value of the *opc-next-page* response header from the previous
“List” call.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--pricing [text]

Name of the pricing type. If multiple pricing types are provided, then
any listing with one or more matching pricing models will be returned.

Accepted values are:

   BYOL, FREE, PAYGO

--publisher-id [text]

Limit results to just this publisher.

--sort-by [text]

The field to use to sort listed results. You can only specify one
field to sort by. *TIMERELEASED* displays results in descending order
by default. You can change your preference by specifying a different
sort order.

Accepted values are:

   TIMERELEASED

--sort-order [text]

The sort order to use, either *ASC* or *DESC*.

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       oci marketplace listing list
