"schedule-deletion"
*******************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Schedules the deletion of the specified vault. This sets the lifecycle
state of the vault and all keys in it that are not already scheduled
for deletion to *PENDING_DELETION* and then deletes them after the
retention period ends. The lifecycle state and time of deletion for
keys already scheduled for deletion won’t change. If any keys in the
vault are scheduled to be deleted after the specified time of deletion
for the vault, the call is rejected with the error code 409.

As a provisioning operation, this call is subject to a Key Management
limit that applies to the total number of requests across all
provisioning write operations. Key Management might throttle this call
to reject an otherwise valid request when the total rate of
provisioning write operations exceeds 10 requests per second for a
given tenancy.


Usage
=====

   oci kms management vault schedule-deletion [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--vault-id [text]

The OCID of the vault.


Optional Parameters
===================

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--if-match [text]

For optimistic concurrency control. In the PUT or DELETE call for a
resource, set the *if-match* parameter to the value of the etag from a
previous GET or POST response for that resource. The resource will be
updated or deleted only if the etag you provide matches the resource’s
current etag value.

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the resource to reach the lifecycle state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--time-of-deletion [datetime]

An optional property indicating when to delete the vault, expressed in
RFC 3339 timestamp format. The specified time must be between 7 and 30
days from the time when the request is received. If this property is
missing, it will be set to 30 days from the time of the request by
default.

   The following datetime formats are supported:


UTC with microseconds
---------------------

   Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.ssssssTZD
   Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00.123456Z

   UTC with milliseconds
   ***********************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.sssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00.123Z

   UTC without milliseconds
   **************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00Z

   UTC with minute precision
   **************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mmTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T20:30Z


Timezone with microseconds
--------------------------

   Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
   Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456789-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456789-0800

   Timezone with milliseconds
   ***************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456-0800

   Timezone without milliseconds
   *******************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00-0800

   Timezone with minute precision
   *******************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mmTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T12:30-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30-0800

   Short date and time
   ********************
   The timezone for this date and time will be taken as UTC (Needs to be surrounded by single or double quotes)

   .. code::

       Format: 'YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm' or "YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm"
       Example: '2017-09-15 17:25'

   Date Only
   **********
   This date will be taken as midnight UTC of that day

   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DD
       Example: 2017-09-15

   Epoch seconds
   **************
   .. code::

       Example: 1412195400

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation creates, modifies or deletes a resource that has a
defined lifecycle state. Specify this option to perform the action and
then wait until the resource reaches a given lifecycle state. Multiple
states can be specified, returning on the first state. For example, "
--wait-for-state" SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on
whichever lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a
return code of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1
is returned.

Accepted values are:

   ACTIVE, BACKUP_IN_PROGRESS, CANCELLING_DELETION, CREATING, DELETED, DELETING, PENDING_DELETION, RESTORING, SCHEDULING_DELETION, UPDATING

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the resource has
reached the lifecycle state defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to
30 seconds.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/kms/management/vault/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export display_name=<substitute-value-of-display_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/kms/management/vault/create.html#cmdoption-display-name
       export vault_type=<substitute-value-of-vault_type> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/kms/management/vault/create.html#cmdoption-vault-type

       vault_id=$(oci kms management vault create --compartment-id $compartment_id --display-name $display_name --vault-type $vault_type --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci kms management vault schedule-deletion --vault-id $vault_id
