"list-importable-enterprise-manager-entities"
*********************************************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Gets a list of importable entities for an Operations Insights
Enterprise Manager bridge that have not been imported before.


Usage
=====

   oci opsi enterprise-manager-bridges list-importable-enterprise-manager-entities [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--enterprise-manager-bridge-id [text]

Unique Enterprise Manager bridge identifier


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--em-entity-type [text]

Filter by one or more Enterprise Manager entity types. Currently, the
supported types are “oracle_pdb”, “oracle_database”, “host”,
“oracle_dbmachine”, “oracle_exa_cloud_service”, and
“oracle_oci_exadata_cloud_service”. If this parameter is not
specified, targets of all supported entity types are returned by
default.

--em-id [text]

The unique Enterprise Manager identifier. Used in combination with
emParentId to return the members of a particular Enterprise Manager
parent entity. Both emId and emParentId must be specified to identify
a particular Enterprise Manager parent entity.

--em-parent-id [text]

The unique Enterprise Manager Entity identifier of the parent EM
entity (the Exadata for instance). Used in combination with emId
parameter to return the members of a particular Enterprise Manager
parent entity. Both emId and emParentId must be specified to identify
a particular Enterprise Manager parent entity.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--limit [integer]

For list pagination. The maximum number of results per page, or items
to return in a paginated “List” call. For important details about how
pagination works, see List Pagination. Example: *50*

--page [text]

For list pagination. The value of the *opc-next-page* response header
from the previous “List” call. For important details about how
pagination works, see List Pagination.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export enterprise_manager_bridge_id=<substitute-value-of-enterprise_manager_bridge_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/opsi/enterprise-manager-bridges/list-importable-enterprise-manager-entities.html#cmdoption-enterprise-manager-bridge-id

       oci opsi enterprise-manager-bridges list-importable-enterprise-manager-entities --enterprise-manager-bridge-id $enterprise_manager_bridge_id
