"list"
******

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Lists all Data Science private endpoints in the specified compartment.
The query must include compartmentId. The query can also include one
other parameter. If the query doesn’t include compartmentId, or
includes compartmentId with two or more other parameters, then an
error is returned.


Usage
=====

   oci data-science ds-private-endpoint list [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

<b>Filter</b> results by the OCID of the compartment.


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--created-by [text]

<b>Filter</b> results by the OCID of the user who created the
resource.

--display-name [text]

<b>Filter</b> results by its user-friendly name.

--ds-resource-type [text]

Resource types in the Data Science service such as notebooks.

Accepted values are:

   NOTEBOOK_SESSION

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--lifecycle-state [text]

The lifecycle state of the private endpoint.

Accepted values are:

   ACTIVE, CREATING, DELETED, DELETING, FAILED, NEEDS_ATTENTION, UPDATING

--limit [integer]

For list pagination. The maximum number of results per page, or items
to return in a paginated “List” call. 1 is the minimum, 100 is the
maximum. See List Pagination.

Example:

   50

--page [text]

For list pagination. The value of the *opc-next-page* response header
from the previous “List” call.

See List Pagination.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--sort-by [text]

The field used to sort the results. Multiple fields aren’t supported.

Accepted values are:

   timeCreated

--sort-order [text]

Specifies sort order to use, either *ASC* (ascending) or *DESC*
(descending).

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/data-science/ds-private-endpoint/list.html#cmdoption-compartment-id

       oci data-science ds-private-endpoint list --compartment-id $compartment_id
