"publish"
*********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Publishes a message to the specified topic.

The topic endpoint is required for this operation. To get the topic
endpoint, use GetTopic and review the *apiEndpoint* value in the
response (NotificationTopic).

Limits information follows.

Message size limit per request: 64KB.

Message delivery rate limit per endpoint: 60 messages per minute for
HTTP-based protocols, 10 messages per minute for the *EMAIL* protocol.
HTTP-based protocols use URL endpoints that begin with “http:” or
“https:”.

Transactions Per Minute (TPM) per-tenancy limit for this operation: 60
per topic. (This TPM limit represents messages per minute.)

For more information about publishing messages, see Publishing
Messages. For steps to request a limit increase, see Requesting a
Service Limit Increase.


Usage
=====

   oci ons message publish [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--body [text]

The body of the message to be published. Avoid entering confidential
information.

--topic-id [text]

The OCID of the topic.


Optional Parameters
===================

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--message-type [text]

**Deprecated.** Support for JSON is deprecated. You can send a JSON
payload even when transmitting the payload as a raw string. Configure
your receiving system to read the raw payload as JSON format.

Type of message body in the request. For *messageType* of JSON, a
default key-value pair is required. Example: *{“default”: “Alarm
breached”, “Email”: “Alarm breached: <url>”}.*

Accepted values are:

   JSON, RAW_TEXT

--title [text]

The title of the message to be published. Avoid entering confidential
information.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/ons/topic/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export name=<substitute-value-of-name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/ons/topic/create.html#cmdoption-name
       export body=<substitute-value-of-body> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/ons/message/publish.html#cmdoption-body

       topic_id=$(oci ons topic create --compartment-id $compartment_id --name $name --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci ons message publish --body $body --topic-id $topic_id
