"list"
******

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Fetches a wrapped list of all Pre-built Function(PBF) Listing
versions. Returns a PbfListingVersionCollection containing an array of
PbfListingVersionSummary response models.

Note that the PbfListingIdentifier must be provided as a query
parameter, otherwise an exception shall be thrown.


Usage
=====

   oci fn pbf-listing-version list [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--pbf-listing-id [text]

unique PbfListing identifier


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--is-current-version [boolean]

Matches the current version (the most recently added version with an
Active lifecycleState) associated with a PbfListing.

--lifecycle-state [text]

A filter to return only resources their lifecycleState matches the
given lifecycleState.

Accepted values are:

   ACTIVE, DELETED, INACTIVE

--limit [integer]

The maximum number of items to return. 1 is the minimum, 50 is the
maximum.

Default: 10

--name [text]

Matches a PbfListingVersion based on a provided semantic version name
for a PbfListingVersion. Each PbfListingVersion name is unique with
respect to its associated PbfListing.

--page [text]

The pagination token for a list query returned by a previous operation

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--pbf-listing-version-id [text]

unique PbfListingVersion identifier

--sort-by [text]

The field to sort by. Only one sort order may be provided. Default
order for timeCreated is descending. Default order for name is
ascending.

Accepted values are:

   name, timeCreated

--sort-order [text]

Specifies sort order.

* **ASC:** Ascending sort order. * **DESC:** Descending sort order.

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export pbf_listing_id=<substitute-value-of-pbf_listing_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/fn/pbf-listing-version/list.html#cmdoption-pbf-listing-id

       oci fn pbf-listing-version list --pbf-listing-id $pbf_listing_id
