"create"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Note: Deprecated. Use the /connections API instead. Creates a new
DatabaseRegistration.


Usage
=====

   oci goldengate database-registration create [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--alias-name [text]

Credential store alias.

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment being referenced.

--display-name [text]

An object’s Display Name.

--fqdn [text]

A three-label Fully Qualified Domain Name (FQDN) for a resource.

--password [text]

The password Oracle GoldenGate uses to connect the associated system
of the given technology. It must conform to the specific security
requirements including length, case sensitivity, and so on.
Deprecated: This field is deprecated and replaced by
“passwordSecretId”. This field will be removed after February 15 2026.

--username [text]

The username Oracle GoldenGate uses to connect the associated system
of the given technology. This username must already exist and be
available by the system/application to be connected to and must
conform to the case sensitivty requirments defined in it.


Optional Parameters
===================

--connection-string [text]

Connect descriptor or Easy Connect Naming method used to connect to a
database.

--database-id [text]

The OCID of the database being referenced.

--defined-tags [complex type]

Tags defined for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a
namespace.

Example:

   {"foo-namespace": {"bar-key": "value"}}

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--description [text]

Metadata about this specific object.

--freeform-tags [complex type]

A simple key-value pair that is applied without any predefined name,
type, or scope. Exists for cross-compatibility only.

Example:

   {"bar-key": "value"}

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--ip-address [text]

The private IP address in the customer’s VCN of the customer’s
endpoint, typically a database.

--key-id [text]

Refers to the customer’s master key OCID. If provided, it references a
key to manage secrets. Customers must add policies to permit
GoldenGate to use this key.

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the work request to reach the state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--secret-compartment-id [text]

The OCID of the compartment where the GoldenGate Secret will be
created. If provided, it references a key to manage secrets. Customers
must add policies to permit GoldenGate to use this key.

--session-mode [text]

The mode of the database connection session to be established by the
data client. ‘REDIRECT’ - for a RAC database, ‘DIRECT’ - for a non-RAC
database. Connection to a RAC database involves a redirection received
from the SCAN listeners to the database node to connect to. By default
the mode would be DIRECT.

Accepted values are:

   DIRECT, REDIRECT

--subnet-id [text]

The OCID of the target subnet of the dedicated connection.

--vault-id [text]

Refers to the customer’s vault OCID. If provided, it references a
vault where GoldenGate can manage secrets. Customers must add policies
to permit GoldenGate to manage secrets contained within this vault.

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation asynchronously creates, modifies or deletes a resource
and uses a work request to track the progress of the operation.
Specify this option to perform the action and then wait until the work
request reaches a certain state. Multiple states can be specified,
returning on the first state. For example, "--wait-for-state"
SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on whichever
lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a return code
of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1 is returned.

Accepted values are:

   ACCEPTED, CANCELED, FAILED, IN_PROGRESS, SUCCEEDED

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the work request
has reached the state defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 30
seconds.

--wallet [text]

The wallet contents Oracle GoldenGate uses to make connections to a
database. This attribute is expected to be base64 encoded. Deprecated:
This field is deprecated and replaced by “walletSecretId”. This field
will be removed after February 15 2026.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export alias_name=<substitute-value-of-alias_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/goldengate/database-registration/create.html#cmdoption-alias-name
       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/goldengate/database-registration/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export display_name=<substitute-value-of-display_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/goldengate/database-registration/create.html#cmdoption-display-name
       export fqdn=<substitute-value-of-fqdn> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/goldengate/database-registration/create.html#cmdoption-fqdn
       export password=<substitute-value-of-password> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/goldengate/database-registration/create.html#cmdoption-password
       export username=<substitute-value-of-username> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/goldengate/database-registration/create.html#cmdoption-username

       oci goldengate database-registration create --alias-name $alias_name --compartment-id $compartment_id --display-name $display_name --fqdn $fqdn --password $password --username $username
