"create"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Adds a backend server to a backend set.


Usage
=====

   oci nlb backend create [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--backend-set-name [text]

The name of the backend set to which to add the backend server.

Example:

   example_backend_set

--network-load-balancer-id [text]

The OCID of the network load balancer to update.

--port [integer]

The communication port for the backend server.

Example:

   8080


Optional Parameters
===================

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--if-match [text]

For optimistic concurrency control. In the PUT or DELETE call for a
resource, set the *if-match* parameter to the value of the etag from a
previous GET or POST response for that resource. The resource will be
updated or deleted only if the etag you provide matches the current
etag value of the resource.

--ip-address [text]

The IP address of the backend server. Example: *10.0.0.3*

--is-backup [boolean]

Whether the network load balancer should treat this server as a backup
unit. If *true*, then the network load balancer forwards no ingress
traffic to this backend server unless all other backend servers not
marked as “isBackup” fail the health check policy.

Example:

   false

--is-drain [boolean]

Whether the network load balancer should drain this server. Servers
marked “isDrain” receive no incoming traffic.

Example:

   false

--is-offline [boolean]

Whether the network load balancer should treat this server as offline.
Offline servers receive no incoming traffic.

Example:

   false

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the work request to reach the state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--name [text]

Optional unique name identifying the backend within the backend set.
If not specified, then one will be generated. Example: *webServer1*

--target-id [text]

The IP OCID/Instance OCID associated with the backend server. Example:
*ocid1.privateip..oc1.<var>&lt;unique_ID&gt;</var>*

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation asynchronously creates, modifies or deletes a resource
and uses a work request to track the progress of the operation.
Specify this option to perform the action and then wait until the work
request reaches a certain state. Multiple states can be specified,
returning on the first state. For example, "--wait-for-state"
SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on whichever
lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a return code
of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1 is returned.

Accepted values are:

   ACCEPTED, CANCELED, CANCELING, FAILED, IN_PROGRESS, SUCCEEDED

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the work request
has reached the state defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 30
seconds.

--weight [integer]

The network load balancing policy weight assigned to the server.
Backend servers with a higher weight receive a larger proportion of
incoming traffic. For example, a server weighted ‘3’ receives three
times the number of new connections as a server weighted ‘1’. For more
information about network load balancer policies, see Network Load
Balancer Policies.

Example:

   3


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/nlb/network-load-balancer/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export display_name=<substitute-value-of-display_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/nlb/network-load-balancer/create.html#cmdoption-display-name
       export subnet_id=<substitute-value-of-subnet_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/nlb/network-load-balancer/create.html#cmdoption-subnet-id
       export backend_set_name=<substitute-value-of-backend_set_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/nlb/backend/create.html#cmdoption-backend-set-name
       export port=<substitute-value-of-port> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/nlb/backend/create.html#cmdoption-port

       network_load_balancer_id=$(oci nlb network-load-balancer create --compartment-id $compartment_id --display-name $display_name --subnet-id $subnet_id --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci nlb backend create --backend-set-name $backend_set_name --network-load-balancer-id $network_load_balancer_id --port $port
