"create-quota-rule"
*******************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Create a file system, user, or group quota rule given the
*fileSystemId*, *principalId*, *principalType* and *isHardQuota*
parameters.


Usage
=====

   oci fs file-system create-quota-rule [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--file-system-id [text]

The OCID of the file system.

--is-hard-quota [boolean]

Whether the quota rule will be enforced. If *isHardQuota* is true, the
quota rule is enforced so that the write is blocked if usage exceeds
the hard quota limit. If *isHardQuota* is false, writes succeed even
if usage exceeds the soft quota limit, but the quota rule is violated.

--principal-type [text]

The type of the owner of this quota rule and usage.

Accepted values are:

   DEFAULT_GROUP, DEFAULT_USER, FILE_SYSTEM_LEVEL, INDIVIDUAL_GROUP, INDIVIDUAL_USER

--quota-limit-in-gigabytes [integer]

The value of the quota rule in gigabytes.


Optional Parameters
===================

--display-name [text]

A user-friendly name. It does not have to be unique, and it is
changeable. Avoid entering confidential information. Example:
*UserXYZ’s quota*

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--if-match [text]

For optimistic concurrency control. In the PUT or DELETE call for a
resource, set the *if-match* parameter to the value of the etag from a
previous GET or POST response for that resource. The resource will be
updated or deleted only if the etag you provide matches the resource’s
current etag value.

--principal-id [integer]

An identifier for the user or the group associated with quota rule and
usage. UNIX-like operating systems use this integer value to identify
a user or group to manage access control.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export availability_domain=<substitute-value-of-availability_domain> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/fs/file-system/create.html#cmdoption-availability-domain
       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/fs/file-system/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export is_hard_quota=<substitute-value-of-is_hard_quota> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/fs/file-system/create-quota-rule.html#cmdoption-is-hard-quota
       export principal_type=<substitute-value-of-principal_type> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/fs/file-system/create-quota-rule.html#cmdoption-principal-type
       export quota_limit_in_gigabytes=<substitute-value-of-quota_limit_in_gigabytes> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/fs/file-system/create-quota-rule.html#cmdoption-quota-limit-in-gigabytes

       file_system_id=$(oci fs file-system create --availability-domain $availability_domain --compartment-id $compartment_id --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci fs file-system create-quota-rule --file-system-id $file_system_id --is-hard-quota $is_hard_quota --principal-type $principal_type --quota-limit-in-gigabytes $quota_limit_in_gigabytes
