"list-quota-rules"
******************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

List user or group usages and their quota rules by certain principal
type.


Usage
=====

   oci fs file-system list-quota-rules [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--file-system-id [text]

The OCID of the file system.

--principal-type [text]

The type of the owner of this quota rule and usage.

Accepted values are:

   DEFAULT_GROUP, DEFAULT_USER, FILE_SYSTEM_LEVEL, INDIVIDUAL_GROUP, INDIVIDUAL_USER


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--are-violators-only [boolean]

An option to display only the users or groups that violate their quota
rules. If *areViolatorsOnly* is false, results report all the quota
and usage. If *areViolatorsOnly* is true, results only report the
quota and usage for the users or groups that violate their quota
rules.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--if-match [text]

For optimistic concurrency control. In the PUT or DELETE call for a
resource, set the *if-match* parameter to the value of the etag from a
previous GET or POST response for that resource. The resource will be
updated or deleted only if the etag you provide matches the resource’s
current etag value.

--limit [integer]

For list pagination. The maximum number of results per page, or items
to return in a paginated “List” call. 1 is the minimum, 4096 is the
maximum.

For important details about how pagination works, see List Pagination.

Example:

   500

--page [text]

For list pagination. The value of the *opc-next-page* response header
from the previous “List” call.

For important details about how pagination works, see List Pagination.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--principal-id [integer]

An identifier for the user or the group associated with quota rule and
usage. UNIX-like operating systems use this integer value to identify
a user or group to manage access control.

--sort-order [text]

The sort order to use, either ‘asc’ or ‘desc’, where ‘asc’ is
ascending and ‘desc’ is descending. The default order is ‘desc’ except
for numeric values.

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export availability_domain=<substitute-value-of-availability_domain> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/fs/file-system/create.html#cmdoption-availability-domain
       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/fs/file-system/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export principal_type=<substitute-value-of-principal_type> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/fs/file-system/list-quota-rules.html#cmdoption-principal-type

       file_system_id=$(oci fs file-system create --availability-domain $availability_domain --compartment-id $compartment_id --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci fs file-system list-quota-rules --file-system-id $file_system_id --principal-type $principal_type
