"create"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Create a new node pool.


Usage
=====

   oci ce node-pool create [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--cluster-id [text]

The OCID of the cluster to which this node pool is attached.

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment in which the node pool exists.

--name [text]

The name of the node pool. Avoid entering confidential information.

--node-shape [text]

The name of the node shape of the nodes in the node pool.


Optional Parameters
===================

--defined-tags [complex type]

Defined tags for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a
namespace. For more information, see Resource Tags. Example:
*{“Operations”: {“CostCenter”: “42”}}* This is a complex type whose
value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the
command line or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file
syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--freeform-tags [complex type]

Free-form tags for this resource. Each tag is a simple key-value pair
with no predefined name, type, or namespace. For more information, see
Resource Tags. Example: *{“Department”: “Finance”}* This is a complex
type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a
string on the command line or passed in as a file using the
file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--initial-node-labels [complex type]

A list of key/value pairs to add to nodes after they join the
Kubernetes cluster.

This option is a JSON list with items of type KeyValue.  For
documentation on KeyValue please see our API reference: https://docs.
cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/containerengine/20180222/datatypes/KeyValue.
This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--is-pv-encryption-in-transit-enabled [boolean]

Whether to enable in-transit encryption for the data volume’s
paravirtualized attachment. This field applies to both block volumes
and boot volumes. The default value is false.

--kms-key-id [text]

The OCID of the Key Management Service key assigned to the boot
volume.

--kubernetes-version [text]

The version of Kubernetes to install on the nodes in the node pool.

--max-pods-per-node [integer]

The maximum number of pods that will live on a node of the node pool.

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the work request to reach the state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--node-boot-volume-size-in-gbs [integer]

The size of the boot volume in GBs. This is a shortcut for specifying
a boot volume size via the –node-source-details complex JSON
parameter. If this parameter is provided, you cannot provide the
–node-source-details parameter.

--node-defined-tags [complex type]

Defined tags for the nodes. Each key is predefined and scoped to a
namespace. For more information, see Resource Tags. Example:
*{“Operations”: {“CostCenter”: “42”}}* This is a complex type whose
value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the
command line or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file
syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--node-eviction-node-pool-settings [complex type]

Node eviction settings for this nodepool. Example:
*{“evictionGraceDuration”: “PT30M”, “isForceDeleteAfterGraceDuration”:
“true”}* This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The
value can be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as
a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--node-freeform-tags [complex type]

Free-form tags for the nodes. Each tag is a simple key-value pair with
no predefined name, type, or namespace. For more information, see
Resource Tags. Example: *{“Department”: “Finance”}* This is a complex
type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a
string on the command line or passed in as a file using the
file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--node-image-id [text]

The OCID of the image used to launch the node. This is a shortcut for
specifying an image id via the –node-source-details complex JSON
parameter. If this parameter is provided, you cannot provide the
–node-source-details parameter

--node-image-name [text]

Deprecated. Use *nodeSourceDetails* instead. If you specify values for
both, this value is ignored. The name of the image running on the
nodes in the node pool.

--node-metadata [complex type]

A list of key/value pairs to add to each underlying OCI instance in
the node pool on launch. This is a complex type whose value must be
valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the command line
or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--node-pool-cycling-details [complex type]

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--node-shape-config [complex type]

Specify the configuration of the shape to launch nodes in the node
pool. This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value
can be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--node-source-details [complex type]

Specify the source to use to launch nodes in the node pool. Currently,
image is the only supported source. This is a complex type whose value
must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the
command line or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file
syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--nsg-ids [complex type]

The OCIDs of the Network Security Group(s) to associate nodes for this
node pool with. This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON.
The value can be provided as a string on the command line or passed in
as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--placement-configs [complex type]

The placement configurations that determine where the nodes will be
placed. This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The
value can be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as
a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--pod-nsg-ids [complex type]

The OCIDs of the Network Security Group(s) to associate pods for this
node pool with. This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON.
The value can be provided as a string on the command line or passed in
as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--pod-subnet-ids [complex type]

The OCIDs of the subnets in which to place pods for this node pool.
This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--quantity-per-subnet [integer]

Optional, default to 1. The number of nodes to create in each subnet
specified in subnetIds property. When used, subnetIds is required.
This property is deprecated, use nodeConfigDetails instead.

--size [integer]

The number of nodes spread across placement configurations.

--ssh-public-key [text]

The SSH public key on each node in the node pool on launch.

--subnet-ids [complex type]

The OCIDs of the subnets in which to place nodes for this node pool.
When used, quantityPerSubnet can be provided. This property is
deprecated, use nodeConfigDetails. Exactly one of the subnetIds or
nodeConfigDetails properties must be specified. This is a complex type
whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string
on the command line or passed in as a file using the
file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation asynchronously creates, modifies or deletes a resource
and uses a work request to track the progress of the operation.
Specify this option to perform the action and then wait until the work
request reaches a certain state. Multiple states can be specified,
returning on the first state. For example, "--wait-for-state"
SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on whichever
lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a return code
of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1 is returned.

Accepted values are:

   ACCEPTED, CANCELED, CANCELING, FAILED, IN_PROGRESS, SUCCEEDED

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the work request
has reached the state defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 30
seconds.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/ce/cluster/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export kubernetes_version=<substitute-value-of-kubernetes_version> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/ce/cluster/create.html#cmdoption-kubernetes-version
       export name=<substitute-value-of-name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/ce/cluster/create.html#cmdoption-name
       export vcn_id=<substitute-value-of-vcn_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/ce/cluster/create.html#cmdoption-vcn-id
       export node_shape=<substitute-value-of-node_shape> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/ce/node-pool/create.html#cmdoption-node-shape

       cluster_id=$(oci ce cluster create --compartment-id $compartment_id --kubernetes-version $kubernetes_version --name $name --vcn-id $vcn_id --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci ce node-pool create --cluster-id $cluster_id --compartment-id $compartment_id --name $name --node-shape $node_shape
