"list-security-feature-analytics"
*********************************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Gets a list of Database security feature usage aggregated details in
the specified compartment. This provides information about the overall
security controls, by returning the counting number of the target
databases using the security features.

When you perform the ListSecurityFeatureAnalytics operation, if the
parameter compartmentIdInSubtree is set to “true,” and if the
parameter accessLevel is set to ACCESSIBLE, then the operation returns
statistics from the compartments in which the requestor has INSPECT
permissions on at least one resource, directly or indirectly (in
subcompartments). If the operation is performed at the root
compartment and the requestor does not have access to at least one
subcompartment of the compartment specified by compartmentId, then
“Not Authorized” is returned.


Usage
=====

   oci data-safe security-assessment list-security-feature-analytics [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

A filter to return only resources that match the specified compartment
OCID.


Optional Parameters
===================

--access-level [text]

Valid values are RESTRICTED and ACCESSIBLE. Default is RESTRICTED.
Setting this to ACCESSIBLE returns only those compartments for which
the user has INSPECT permissions directly or indirectly (permissions
can be on a resource in a subcompartment). When set to RESTRICTED
permissions are checked and no partial results are displayed.

Accepted values are:

   ACCESSIBLE, RESTRICTED

--all

Fetches all pages of results.

--compartment-id-in-subtree [boolean]

Default is false. When set to true, the hierarchy of compartments is
traversed and all compartments and subcompartments in the tenancy are
returned. Depends on the ‘accessLevel’ setting.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--target-id [text]

A filter to return only items related to a specific target OCID.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/data-safe/security-assessment/list-security-feature-analytics.html#cmdoption-compartment-id

       oci data-safe security-assessment list-security-feature-analytics --compartment-id $compartment_id
