"raw-request"
*************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Makes a raw request against an OCI service based on a provided URI,
HTTP method and payload. This operation currently only supports JSON
payloads. This operation will output a JSON structure that looks like:


   {
      “data”: <a JSON array or object containing the parsed response
      body>, “headers”: <a JSON object where each header is a key and
      the value is the header value>, “status”: <the HTTP status code
      and reason, e.g. ‘200 OK’, ‘404 Not Found’>

   }


Usage
=====

   oci raw-request [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--http-method [text]

The HTTP method to use

Accepted values are:

   DELETE, GET, HEAD, PATCH, POST, PUT

--target-uri [text]

The URI to make the request against


Optional Parameters
===================

--request-body [complex type]

Data to send in the body of the request. This is a complex type whose
value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the
command line or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file
syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--request-headers [complex type]

Additional headers to send as part of the request. This is a complex
type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a
string on the command line or passed in as a file using the
file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"
