"list-vm-cluster"
*****************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Gets the history of the patch actions performed on the specified VM
cluster in an Exadata Cloud@Customer system.


Usage
=====

   oci db patch-history list-vm-cluster [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--vm-cluster-id [text]

The VM cluster OCID.


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--limit [integer]

The maximum number of items to return per page.

--page [text]

The pagination token to continue listing from.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy and paste the following example into a JSON file, replacing the
example parameters with your own.

       oci db exadata-infrastructure create --generate-param-json-input dns-server > dns-server.json
       oci db exadata-infrastructure create --generate-param-json-input ntp-server > ntp-server.json

       oci db vm-cluster-network create --generate-param-json-input scans > scans.json
       oci db vm-cluster-network create --generate-param-json-input vm-networks > vm-networks.json

       oci db vm-cluster create --generate-param-json-input ssh-public-keys > ssh-public-keys.json

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export admin_network_cidr=<substitute-value-of-admin_network_cidr> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/exadata-infrastructure/create.html#cmdoption-admin-network-cidr
       export cloud_control_plane_server1=<substitute-value-of-cloud_control_plane_server1> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/exadata-infrastructure/create.html#cmdoption-cloud-control-plane-server1
       export cloud_control_plane_server2=<substitute-value-of-cloud_control_plane_server2> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/exadata-infrastructure/create.html#cmdoption-cloud-control-plane-server2
       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/vm-cluster-network/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export display_name=<substitute-value-of-display_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/vm-cluster-network/create.html#cmdoption-display-name
       export gateway=<substitute-value-of-gateway> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/exadata-infrastructure/create.html#cmdoption-gateway
       export infini_band_network_cidr=<substitute-value-of-infini_band_network_cidr> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/exadata-infrastructure/create.html#cmdoption-infini-band-network-cidr
       export netmask=<substitute-value-of-netmask> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/exadata-infrastructure/create.html#cmdoption-netmask
       export shape=<substitute-value-of-shape> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/exadata-infrastructure/create.html#cmdoption-shape
       export time_zone=<substitute-value-of-time_zone> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/exadata-infrastructure/create.html#cmdoption-time-zone
       export exadata_infrastructure_id=<substitute-value-of-exadata_infrastructure_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/vm-cluster-network/create.html#cmdoption-exadata-infrastructure-id
       export cpu_core_count=<substitute-value-of-cpu_core_count> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/vm-cluster/create.html#cmdoption-cpu-core-count
       export gi_version=<substitute-value-of-gi_version> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/vm-cluster/create.html#cmdoption-gi-version

       exadata_infrastructure_id=$(oci db exadata-infrastructure create --admin-network-cidr $admin_network_cidr --cloud-control-plane-server1 $cloud_control_plane_server1 --cloud-control-plane-server2 $cloud_control_plane_server2 --compartment-id $compartment_id --display-name $display_name --dns-server file://dns-server.json --gateway $gateway --infini-band-network-cidr $infini_band_network_cidr --netmask $netmask --ntp-server file://ntp-server.json --shape $shape --time-zone $time_zone --query data.id --raw-output)

       vm_cluster_network_id=$(oci db vm-cluster-network create --compartment-id $compartment_id --display-name $display_name --exadata-infrastructure-id $exadata_infrastructure_id --scans file://scans.json --vm-networks file://vm-networks.json --query data.id --raw-output)

       vm_cluster_id=$(oci db vm-cluster create --compartment-id $compartment_id --cpu-core-count $cpu_core_count --display-name $display_name --exadata-infrastructure-id $exadata_infrastructure_id --gi-version $gi_version --ssh-public-keys file://ssh-public-keys.json --vm-cluster-network-id $vm_cluster_network_id --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci db patch-history list-vm-cluster --vm-cluster-id $vm_cluster_id
