"generate-text-cohere-llm-inference-request"
********************************************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter

* Other Examples


Description
===========

Generates a text response based on the user prompt.


Usage
=====

   oci generative-ai-inference generate-text-result generate-text-cohere-llm-inference-request [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of compartment in which to call the Generative AI service to
generate text.

--inference-request-prompt [text]

Represents the prompt to be completed. The trailing white spaces are
trimmed before completion.

--serving-mode [complex type]

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.


Optional Parameters
===================

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--inference-request-frequency-penalty [text]

To reduce repetitiveness of generated tokens, this number penalizes
new tokens based on their frequency in the generated text so far.
Greater numbers encourage the model to use new tokens, while lower
numbers encourage the model to repeat the tokens. Set to 0 to disable.

--inference-request-is-echo [boolean]

Whether or not to return the user prompt in the response. This option
only applies to non-stream results.

--inference-request-is-stream [boolean]

Whether to stream back partial progress. If set, tokens are sent as
data-only server-sent events as they become available.

--inference-request-max-tokens [integer]

The maximum number of tokens to predict for each response. Includes
input plus output tokens.

--inference-request-num-generations [integer]

The number of generated texts that will be returned.

--inference-request-presence-penalty [text]

To reduce repetitiveness of generated tokens, this number penalizes
new tokens based on whether they’ve appeared in the generated text so
far. Greater numbers encourage the model to use new tokens, while
lower numbers encourage the model to repeat the tokens.

Similar to frequency penalty, a penalty is applied to previously
present tokens, except that this penalty is applied equally to all
tokens that have already appeared, regardless of how many times
they’ve appeared. Set to 0 to disable.

--inference-request-return-likelihoods [text]

Specifies how and if the token likelihoods are returned with the
response.

Accepted values are:

   ALL, GENERATION, NONE

--inference-request-stop-sequences [complex type]

The generated text is cut at the end of the earliest occurrence of
this stop sequence. The generated text will include this stop
sequence. This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The
value can be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as
a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--inference-request-temperature [text]

A number that sets the randomness of the generated output. A lower
temperature means a less random generations.

Use lower numbers for tasks with a correct answer such as question
answering or summarizing. High temperatures can generate
hallucinations or factually incorrect information. Start with
temperatures lower than 1.0 and increase the temperature for more
creative outputs, as you regenerate the prompts to refine the outputs.

--inference-request-top-k [integer]

An integer that sets up the model to use only the top k most likely
tokens in the generated output. A higher k introduces more randomness
into the output making the output text sound more natural. Default
value is 0 which disables this method and considers all tokens. To set
a number for the likely tokens, choose an integer between 1 and 500.

If also using top p, then the model considers only the top tokens
whose probabilities add up to p percent and ignores the rest of the k
tokens. For example, if k is 20, but the probabilities of the top 10
add up to .75, then only the top 10 tokens are chosen.

--inference-request-top-p [text]

If set to a probability 0.0 < p < 1.0, it ensures that only the most
likely tokens, with total probability mass of p, are considered for
generation at each step.

To eliminate tokens with low likelihood, assign p a minimum percentage
for the next token’s likelihood. For example, when p is set to 0.75,
the model eliminates the bottom 25 percent for the next token. Set to
1.0 to consider all tokens and set to 0 to disable. If both k and p
are enabled, p acts after k.

--inference-request-truncate [text]

For an input that’s longer than the maximum token length, specifies
which part of the input text will be truncated.

Accepted values are:

   END, NONE, START


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy and paste the following example into a JSON file, replacing the
example parameters with your own.

       oci generative-ai-inference generate-text-result generate-text-cohere-llm-inference-request --generate-param-json-input serving-mode > serving-mode.json

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/generative-ai-inference/generate-text-result/generate-text-cohere-llm-inference-request.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export inference_request_prompt=<substitute-value-of-inference_request_prompt> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/generative-ai-inference/generate-text-result/generate-text-cohere-llm-inference-request.html#cmdoption-inference-request-prompt

       oci generative-ai-inference generate-text-result generate-text-cohere-llm-inference-request --compartment-id $compartment_id --inference-request-prompt $inference_request_prompt --serving-mode file://serving-mode.json


Other Examples
==============


Description
-----------

Send an inference request to Cohere model for text generation


Command
-------

    oci generative-ai-inference generate-text-result generate-text-cohere-llm-inference-request --compartment-id $COMPARTMENT_ID --serving-mode "{\"servingType\": \"ON_DEMAND\", \"modelId\": \"$SERVING_MODEL_ID\"}" --inference-request-prompt "Tell me one fact about Oracle" --read-timeout 240 --region $REGION


Output
------

   {
    "data": {
         "inference-response": {
              "generated-texts": [
                   {
                        "finish-reason": null,
                        "id": "82b340f1-276e-4abf-92e2-a389190d6602",
                        "likelihood": null,
                        "text": " One interesting fact about Oracle is that it is one of the oldest database management systems still in use today. It has a long history that dates back to the early 1970s when it was founded by Larry Ellison, Bob Miner, and Ed Oates.",
                        "token-likelihoods": null
                   }
              ],
              "prompt": "null",
              "runtime-type": "COHERE",
              "time-created": "2024-01-22T20:37:44.116000+00:00"
         },
         "model-id": "cohere.command",
         "model-version": "15.6"
    }
   }
