"get-pull-request-comment"
**************************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Get PullRequest comment by identifier


Usage
=====

   oci devops pull-request-comment get-pull-request-comment [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--comment-id [text]

unique PullRequest Comment identifier

--pull-request-id [text]

unique PullRequest identifier


Optional Parameters
===================

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy and paste the following example into a JSON file, replacing the
example parameters with your own.

       oci devops project create --generate-param-json-input notification-config > notification-config.json

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/devops/project/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export name=<substitute-value-of-name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/devops/project/create.html#cmdoption-name
       export repository_type=<substitute-value-of-repository_type> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/devops/repository/create.html#cmdoption-repository-type
       export display_name=<substitute-value-of-display_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/devops/pull-request/create.html#cmdoption-display-name
       export source_branch=<substitute-value-of-source_branch> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/devops/pull-request/create.html#cmdoption-source-branch
       export comment_id=<substitute-value-of-comment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/devops/pull-request-comment/get-pull-request-comment.html#cmdoption-comment-id

       project_id=$(oci devops project create --compartment-id $compartment_id --name $name --notification-config file://notification-config.json --query data.id --raw-output)

       repository_id=$(oci devops repository create --name $name --project-id $project_id --repository-type $repository_type --query data.id --raw-output)

       pull_request_id=$(oci devops pull-request create --display-name $display_name --repository-id $repository_id --source-branch $source_branch --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci devops pull-request-comment get-pull-request-comment --comment-id $comment_id --pull-request-id $pull_request_id
