"create"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Creates a tablespace within the Managed Database specified by
managedDatabaseId.


Usage
=====

   oci database-management tablespace create [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--managed-database-id [text]

The OCID of the Managed Database.

--name [text]

The name of the tablespace. It must be unique within a database.


Optional Parameters
===================

--auto-extend-max-size [complex type]

The maximum disk space allowed for automatic extension of the data
files or temp files. This is a complex type whose value must be valid
JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the command line or
passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--auto-extend-next-size [complex type]

The size of the next increment of disk space to be allocated
automatically when more extents are required. This is a complex type
whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string
on the command line or passed in as a file using the
file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--block-size-in-kilobytes [integer]

Block size for the tablespace.

--credential-details [complex type]

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--data-files [complex type]

The list of data files or temp files created for the tablespace. This
is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be
provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file using
the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--database-credential [complex type]

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--default-compress [text]

The default compression of data for all tables created in the
tablespace.

Accepted values are:

   BASIC_COMPRESS, NO_COMPRESS

--encryption-algorithm [text]

The name of the encryption algorithm to be used for tablespace
encryption.

--extent-management [text]

Specifies how the extents of the tablespace should be managed.

Accepted values are:

   AUTOALLOCATE, UNIFORM

--extent-uniform-size [complex type]

The size of the extent when the tablespace is managed with uniform
extents of a specific size. This is a complex type whose value must be
valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the command line
or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--file-count [integer]

The number of data files or temp files created for the tablespace.
This is for Oracle Managed Files only.

--file-size [complex type]

The size of each data file or temp file. This is a complex type whose
value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the
command line or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file
syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--is-auto-extensible [boolean]

Specifies whether the data file or temp file can be extended
automatically.

--is-bigfile [boolean]

Specifies whether the tablespace is a bigfile or smallfile tablespace.
A bigfile tablespace contains only one data file or temp file, which
can contain up to approximately 4 billion (232) blocks. A smallfile
tablespace is a traditional Oracle tablespace, which can contain 1022
data files or temp files, each of which can contain up to
approximately 4 million (222) blocks.

--is-default [boolean]

Specifies whether the tablespace is the default tablespace.

--is-encrypted [boolean]

Indicates whether the tablespace is encrypted.

--is-max-size-unlimited [boolean]

Specifies whether the disk space of the data file or temp file can be
limited.

--is-reusable [boolean]

Specifies whether Oracle can reuse the data file or temp file. Reuse
is only allowed when the file name is provided.

--segment-management [text]

Specifies whether tablespace segment management should be automatic or
manual.

Accepted values are:

   AUTO, MANUAL

--status [text]

The status of the tablespace.

Accepted values are:

   READ_ONLY, READ_WRITE

--type [text]

The type of tablespace.

Accepted values are:

   PERMANENT, TEMPORARY


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export managed_database_id=<substitute-value-of-managed_database_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/database-management/tablespace/create.html#cmdoption-managed-database-id
       export name=<substitute-value-of-name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/database-management/tablespace/create.html#cmdoption-name

       oci database-management tablespace create --managed-database-id $managed_database_id --name $name
