"create-hdfs-connection"
************************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Creates a new Connection.


Usage
=====

   oci goldengate connection create-hdfs-connection [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment being referenced.

--core-site-xml [text]

The base64 encoded content of the Hadoop Distributed File System
configuration file (core-site.xml).

--display-name [text]

An object’s Display Name.

--technology-type [text]

The Hadoop Distributed File System technology type.


Optional Parameters
===================

--defined-tags [complex type]

Tags defined for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a
namespace.

Example:

   {"foo-namespace": {"bar-key": "value"}}

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--description [text]

Metadata about this specific object.

--does-use-secret-ids [boolean]

Indicates that sensitive attributes are provided via Secrets.

--freeform-tags [complex type]

A simple key-value pair that is applied without any predefined name,
type, or scope. Exists for cross-compatibility only.

Example:

   {"bar-key": "value"}

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--key-id [text]

Refers to the customer’s master key OCID. If provided, it references a
key to manage secrets. Customers must add policies to permit
GoldenGate to use this key.

--locks [complex type]

Locks associated with this resource.

This option is a JSON list with items of type AddResourceLockDetails.
For documentation on AddResourceLockDetails please see our API
reference: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/goldengate/20200407
/datatypes/AddResourceLockDetails. This is a complex type whose value
must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the
command line or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file
syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the work request to reach the state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--nsg-ids [complex type]

An array of Network Security Group OCIDs used to define network access
for either Deployments or Connections. This is a complex type whose
value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the
command line or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file
syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--routing-method [text]

Controls the network traffic direction to the target:
SHARED_SERVICE_ENDPOINT: Traffic flows through the Goldengate
Service’s network to public hosts. Cannot be used for private targets.
SHARED_DEPLOYMENT_ENDPOINT: Network traffic flows from the assigned
deployment’s private endpoint through the deployment’s subnet.
DEDICATED_ENDPOINT: A dedicated private endpoint is created in the
target VCN subnet for the connection. The subnetId is required when
DEDICATED_ENDPOINT networking is selected.

Accepted values are:

   DEDICATED_ENDPOINT, SHARED_DEPLOYMENT_ENDPOINT, SHARED_SERVICE_ENDPOINT

--subnet-id [text]

The OCID of the target subnet of the dedicated connection.

--vault-id [text]

Refers to the customer’s vault OCID. If provided, it references a
vault where GoldenGate can manage secrets. Customers must add policies
to permit GoldenGate to manage secrets contained within this vault.

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation asynchronously creates, modifies or deletes a resource
and uses a work request to track the progress of the operation.
Specify this option to perform the action and then wait until the work
request reaches a certain state. Multiple states can be specified,
returning on the first state. For example, "--wait-for-state"
SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on whichever
lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a return code
of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1 is returned.

Accepted values are:

   ACCEPTED, CANCELED, FAILED, IN_PROGRESS, SUCCEEDED

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the work request
has reached the state defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 30
seconds.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/goldengate/connection/create-hdfs-connection.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export core_site_xml=<substitute-value-of-core_site_xml> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/goldengate/connection/create-hdfs-connection.html#cmdoption-core-site-xml
       export display_name=<substitute-value-of-display_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/goldengate/connection/create-hdfs-connection.html#cmdoption-display-name
       export technology_type=<substitute-value-of-technology_type> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/goldengate/connection/create-hdfs-connection.html#cmdoption-technology-type

       oci goldengate connection create-hdfs-connection --compartment-id $compartment_id --core-site-xml $core_site_xml --display-name $display_name --technology-type $technology_type
