"verify"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Verify address


Usage
=====

   oci osp-gateway address-service address verify [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment.

--osp-home-region [text]

The home region’s public name of the logged in user.


Optional Parameters
===================

--address-key [text]

Address identifier.

--city [text]

Name of the city.

--company-name [text]

Name of the customer company.

--contributor-class [text]

Contributor class of the customer company.

--country [text]

Country of the address.

--county [text]

County of the address.

--department-name [text]

Department name of the customer company.

--email-address [text]

Contact person email address.

--first-name [text]

First name of the contact person.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--if-match [text]

For optimistic concurrency control. In the PUT or DELETE call for a
resource, set the *if-match* parameter to the value of the etag from a
previous GET or POST response for that resource. The resource will be
updated or deleted only if the etag you provide matches the resource’s
current etag value.

--internal-number [text]

Internal number of the customer company.

--job-title [text]

Job title of the contact person.

--last-name [text]

Last name of the contact person.

--line1 [text]

Address line 1.

--line2 [text]

Address line 2.

--line3 [text]

Address line 3.

--line4 [text]

Address line 4.

--middle-name [text]

Middle name of the contact person.

--municipal-inscription [text]

Municipal Inscription.

--phone-country-code [text]

Phone country code of the contact person.

--phone-number [text]

Phone number of the contact person.

--postal-code [text]

Post code of the address.

--province [text]

Province of the address.

--state [text]

State of the address.

--state-inscription [text]

State Inscription.

--street-name [text]

Street name of the address.

--street-number [text]

Street number of the address.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/osp-gateway/address-service/address/verify.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export osp_home_region=<substitute-value-of-osp_home_region> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/osp-gateway/address-service/address/verify.html#cmdoption-osp-home-region

       oci osp-gateway address-service address verify --compartment-id $compartment_id --osp-home-region $osp_home_region
