"list"
******

* Description

* Usage

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter

* Other Examples


Description
===========

Lists the IPv6 objects based on one of these filters:

   * Subnet OCID.   * VNIC OCID.   * Both IPv6 address and subnet
     OCID: This lets you get an *Ipv6* object based on its private
     IPv6 address (for example,
     2001:0db8:0123:1111:abcd:ef01:2345:6789) and not its OCID. For
     comparison,   GetIpv6 requires the OCID.


Usage
=====

   oci network ipv6 list [OPTIONS]


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--ip-address [text]

An IP address. This could be either IPv4 or IPv6, depending on the
resource. Example: *10.0.3.3*

--ip-state [text]

State of the IP address. If an IP address is assigned to a VNIC it is
ASSIGNED otherwise AVAILABLE

--lifetime [text]

Lifetime of the IP address. There are two types of IPs:  - Ephemeral
- Reserved

--limit [integer]

For list pagination. The maximum number of results per page, or items
to return in a paginated “List” call. For important details about how
pagination works, see List Pagination.

Example:

   50

--page [text]

For list pagination. The value of the *opc-next-page* response header
from the previous “List” call. For important details about how
pagination works, see List Pagination.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--subnet-id [text]

The OCID of the subnet.

--vnic-id [text]

The OCID of the VNIC.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       oci network ipv6 list


Other Examples
==============


Description
-----------

Lists the IPv6 objects in a VNIC


Command
-------

    oci network ipv6 list --vnic-id [OCID] [OPTIONS]


Output
------

   "List of IPv6 OCIDs.    }


Description
-----------

Lists the IPv6 objects in a Subnet


Command
-------

    oci network ipv6 list --subnet-id [OCID] [OPTIONS]


Output
------

   "List of IPv6 OCIDs.    }


Description
-----------

List the IPv6 object based on Subnet and IPv6 address


Command
-------

    oci network ipv6 list --subnet-id [OCID] --ip_address [IPv6 address] [OPTIONS]


Output
------

   "List of IPv6 OCIDs.    }
