"create"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Creates a network load balancer.


Usage
=====

   oci nlb network-load-balancer create [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment containing the network load balancer.

--display-name [text]

Network load balancer identifier, which can be renamed.

--subnet-id [text]

The subnet in which the network load balancer is spawned OCIDs.


Optional Parameters
===================

--assigned-ipv6 [text]

IPv6 address to be assigned to the network load balancer being
created. This IP address has to be part of one of the prefixes
supported by the subnet. Example:
“2607:9b80:9a0a:9a7e:abcd:ef01:2345:6789”

--assigned-private-ipv4 [text]

Private IP address to be assigned to the network load balancer being
created. This IP address has to be in the CIDR range of the subnet
where network load balancer is being created Example: “10.0.0.1”

--backend-sets [complex type]

Backend sets associated with the network load balancer.

This option is a JSON dictionary of type dict(str, BackendSetDetails).
For documentation on BackendSetDetails please see our API reference: 
https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/networkloadbalancer/20200501/d
atatypes/BackendSetDetails. This is a complex type whose value must be
valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the command line
or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--defined-tags [complex type]

Defined tags for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a
namespace. Example: *{“foo-namespace”: {“bar-key”: “value”}}* This is
a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be
provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file using
the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--freeform-tags [complex type]

Simple key-value pair that is applied without any predefined name,
type, or scope. Exists for cross-compatibility only. Example: *{“bar-
key”: “value”}* This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON.
The value can be provided as a string on the command line or passed in
as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--is-preserve-source-destination [boolean]

This parameter can be enabled only if backends are compute OCIDs. When
enabled, the skipSourceDestinationCheck parameter is automatically
enabled on the load balancer VNIC, and packets are sent to the backend
with the entire IP header intact.

--is-private [boolean]

Whether the network load balancer has a virtual cloud network-local
(private) IP address.

If “true”, then the service assigns a private IP address to the
network load balancer.

If “false”, then the service assigns a public IP address to the
network load balancer.

A public network load balancer is accessible from the internet,
depending on the security list rules for your virtual cloud network.
For more information about public and private network load balancers,
see Network Load Balancer Types. This value is true by default.

Example:

   true

--is-symmetric-hash-enabled [boolean]

This can only be enabled when NLB is working in transparent mode with
source destination header preservation enabled. This removes the
additional dependency from NLB backends(like Firewalls) to perform
SNAT.

--listeners [complex type]

Listeners associated with the network load balancer.

This option is a JSON dictionary of type dict(str, ListenerDetails).
For documentation on ListenerDetails please see our API reference: ht
tps://docs.cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/networkloadbalancer/20200501/dat
atypes/ListenerDetails. This is a complex type whose value must be
valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the command line
or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the work request to reach the state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--network-security-group-ids [complex type]

An array of network security groups OCIDs associated with the network
load balancer.

During the creation of the network load balancer, the service adds the
new load balancer to the specified network security groups.

The benefits of associating the network load balancer with network
security groups include:

* Network security groups define network security rules to govern
  ingress and egress traffic for the network load balancer.

* The network security rules of other resources can reference the
  network security groups associated with the network load balancer
  to ensure access.

Example:

   ["ocid1.nsg.oc1.phx.unique_ID"]

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--nlb-ip-version [text]

IP version associated with the NLB.

Accepted values are:

   IPV4, IPV4_AND_IPV6, IPV6

--reserved-ips [complex type]

An array of reserved Ips.

This option is a JSON list with items of type ReservedIP.  For
documentation on ReservedIP please see our API reference: https://doc
s.cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/networkloadbalancer/20200501/datatypes/Re
servedIP. This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The
value can be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as
a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--security-attributes [complex type]

ZPR tags for this resource. Each tag is a simple key-value pair with
no predefined name, type, or namespace. For more information, see
Resource Tags.

Example:

   {"oracle-zpr": {"td": {"value": "42", "mode": "audit"}}}

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--subnet-ipv6-cidr [text]

IPv6 subnet prefix selection. If Ipv6 subnet prefix is passed, Nlb
Ipv6 Address would be assign within the cidr block. NLB has to be dual
or single stack ipv6 to support this.

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation asynchronously creates, modifies or deletes a resource
and uses a work request to track the progress of the operation.
Specify this option to perform the action and then wait until the work
request reaches a certain state. Multiple states can be specified,
returning on the first state. For example, "--wait-for-state"
SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on whichever
lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a return code
of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1 is returned.

Accepted values are:

   ACCEPTED, CANCELED, CANCELING, FAILED, IN_PROGRESS, SUCCEEDED

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the work request
has reached the state defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 30
seconds.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/nlb/network-load-balancer/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export display_name=<substitute-value-of-display_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/nlb/network-load-balancer/create.html#cmdoption-display-name
       export subnet_id=<substitute-value-of-subnet_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/nlb/network-load-balancer/create.html#cmdoption-subnet-id

       oci nlb network-load-balancer create --compartment-id $compartment_id --display-name $display_name --subnet-id $subnet_id
