"create-oracle-connection"
**************************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Create a Database Connection resource that contains the details to
connect to either a Source or Target Database in the migration.


Usage
=====

   oci database-migration connection create-oracle-connection [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment.

--display-name [text]

A user-friendly name. Does not have to be unique, and it’s changeable.
Avoid entering confidential information.

--key-id [text]

The OCID of the key used in cryptographic operations.

--password [text]

The password (credential) used when creating or updating this
resource.

--technology-type [text]

The Oracle technology type.

--username [text]

The username (credential) used when creating or updating this
resource.

--vault-id [text]

OCI resource ID.


Optional Parameters
===================

--connection-string [text]

Connect descriptor or Easy Connect Naming method used to connect to a
database.

--database-id [text]

The OCID of the database being referenced.

--defined-tags [complex type]

Defined tags for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a
namespace. Example: *{“foo-namespace”: {“bar-key”: “value”}}* This is
a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be
provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file using
the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--description [text]

A user-friendly description. Does not have to be unique, and it’s
changeable. Avoid entering confidential information.

--freeform-tags [complex type]

Free-form tags for this resource. Each tag is a simple key-value pair
with no predefined name, type, or namespace. For more information, see
Resource Tags. Example: {“Department”: “Finance”} This is a complex
type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a
string on the command line or passed in as a file using the
file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the work request to reach the state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--nsg-ids [complex type]

An array of Network Security Group OCIDs used to define network access
for Connections. This is a complex type whose value must be valid
JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the command line or
passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--replication-password [text]

The password (credential) used when creating or updating this
resource.

--replication-username [text]

The username (credential) used when creating or updating this
resource.

--ssh-host [text]

Name of the host the SSH key is valid for.

--ssh-key [text]

Private SSH key string.

--ssh-sudo-location [text]

Sudo location

--ssh-user [text]

The username (credential) used when creating or updating this
resource.

--sshkey-file [filename]

Private ssh key file.

--subnet-id [text]

OCI resource ID.

--technology-type [text]

The Oracle technology type. This value can only be specified for
manual connections.

Accepted values are:

   AMAZON_RDS_ORACLE, OCI_AUTONOMOUS_DATABASE, ORACLE_DATABASE, ORACLE_EXADATA

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation asynchronously creates, modifies or deletes a resource
and uses a work request to track the progress of the operation.
Specify this option to perform the action and then wait until the work
request reaches a certain state. Multiple states can be specified,
returning on the first state. For example, "--wait-for-state"
SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on whichever
lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a return code
of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1 is returned.

Accepted values are:

   ACCEPTED, CANCELED, CANCELING, FAILED, IN_PROGRESS, SUCCEEDED, WAITING

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the work request
has reached the state defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 30
seconds.

--wallet [text]

The wallet contents used to make connections to a database.  This
attribute is expected to be base64 encoded.

--wallet [filename]

cwallet.sso fle path containing containing the TCPS/SSL certificate;
base64 encoded String. Not required for source container database
connections.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/database-migration/connection/create-oracle-connection.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export display_name=<substitute-value-of-display_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/database-migration/connection/create-oracle-connection.html#cmdoption-display-name
       export key_id=<substitute-value-of-key_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/database-migration/connection/create-oracle-connection.html#cmdoption-key-id
       export password=<substitute-value-of-password> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/database-migration/connection/create-oracle-connection.html#cmdoption-password
       export technology_type=<substitute-value-of-technology_type> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/database-migration/connection/create-oracle-connection.html#cmdoption-technology-type
       export username=<substitute-value-of-username> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/database-migration/connection/create-oracle-connection.html#cmdoption-username
       export vault_id=<substitute-value-of-vault_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/database-migration/connection/create-oracle-connection.html#cmdoption-vault-id

       oci database-migration connection create-oracle-connection --compartment-id $compartment_id --display-name $display_name --key-id $key_id --password $password --technology-type $technology_type --username $username --vault-id $vault_id
