"create"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Creates a new saved search. Here’s an example of how you can use CLI
to create a saved search. For information on the details that must be
passed to CREATE, you can use the GET API to obtain the Create.json
file: *oci management-dashboard saved-search get –management-saved-
search-id ocid1.managementsavedsearch.oc1..savedsearchId1 –query data
> Create.json*. You can then modify the Create.json file by removing
the *id* attribute and making other required changes, and use the *oci
management-dashboard saved-search create* command.


Usage
=====

   oci management-dashboard saved-search create [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

OCID of the compartment in which the saved search resides.

--data-config [complex type]

It defines how data is fetched. A functional saved search needs a
valid dataConfig. See examples on how it can be constructed for
various data sources. This is a complex type whose value must be valid
JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the command line or
passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--description [text]

Description of the saved search.

--display-name [text]

Display name of the saved search.

--is-oob-saved-search [boolean]

Determines whether the saved search is an Out-of-the-Box (OOB) saved
search. Note that OOB saved searches are only provided by Oracle and
cannot be modified.

--metadata-version [text]

The version of the metadata defined in the API. This is maintained and
enforced by dashboard server. Currently it is 2.0.

--nls [complex type]

JSON that contains internationalization options. This is a complex
type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a
string on the command line or passed in as a file using the
file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--provider-id [text]

ID of the service (for example log-analytics) that owns the saved
search. Each service has a unique ID.

--provider-name [text]

The user friendly name of the service (for example, Logging Analytics)
that owns the saved search.

--provider-version [text]

The version of the metadata of the provider. This is useful for
provider to version its features and metadata. Any newly created saved
search (or dashboard) should use providerVersion 3.0.0.

--screen-image [text]

Screen image of the saved search.

--type [text]

Determines how the saved search is displayed in a dashboard.

Accepted values are:

   FILTER_DONT_SHOW_IN_DASHBOARD, FILTER_SHOW_IN_DASHBOARD, SEARCH_DONT_SHOW_IN_DASHBOARD, SEARCH_SHOW_IN_DASHBOARD, WIDGET_DONT_SHOW_IN_DASHBOARD, WIDGET_SHOW_IN_DASHBOARD

--ui-config [complex type]

It defines the visualization type of the widget saved search, the UI
options of that visualization type, the binding of data to the
visualization. This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON.
The value can be provided as a string on the command line or passed in
as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--widget-template [text]

The UI template that the saved search uses to render itself.

--widget-vm [text]

The View Model that the saved search uses to render itself.


Optional Parameters
===================

--defined-tags [complex type]

Defined tags for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a
namespace. Example: *{“foo-namespace”: {“bar-key”: “value”}}* This is
a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be
provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file using
the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--drilldown-config [complex type]

Drill-down configuration to define the destination of a drill-down
action. This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The
value can be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as
a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--features-config [complex type]

Contains configuration for enabling features. This is a complex type
whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string
on the command line or passed in as a file using the
file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--freeform-tags [complex type]

Simple key-value pair that is applied without any predefined name,
type or scope. Exists for cross-compatibility only. Example: *{“bar-
key”: “value”}* This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON.
The value can be provided as a string on the command line or passed in
as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--id [text]

ID of the saved search, which must only be provided for Out-of-the-Box
(OOB) saved search.

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the resource to reach the lifecycle state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--parameters-config [complex type]

Defines parameters for the saved search. This is a complex type whose
value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the
command line or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file
syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation creates, modifies or deletes a resource that has a
defined lifecycle state. Specify this option to perform the action and
then wait until the resource reaches a given lifecycle state. Multiple
states can be specified, returning on the first state. For example, "
--wait-for-state" SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on
whichever lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a
return code of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1
is returned.

Accepted values are:

   ACTIVE

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the resource has
reached the lifecycle state defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to
30 seconds.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy and paste the following example into a JSON file, replacing the
example parameters with your own.

       oci management-dashboard saved-search create --generate-param-json-input data-config > data-config.json
       oci management-dashboard saved-search create --generate-param-json-input nls > nls.json
       oci management-dashboard saved-search create --generate-param-json-input ui-config > ui-config.json

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/management-dashboard/saved-search/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export description=<substitute-value-of-description> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/management-dashboard/saved-search/create.html#cmdoption-description
       export display_name=<substitute-value-of-display_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/management-dashboard/saved-search/create.html#cmdoption-display-name
       export is_oob_saved_search=<substitute-value-of-is_oob_saved_search> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/management-dashboard/saved-search/create.html#cmdoption-is-oob-saved-search
       export metadata_version=<substitute-value-of-metadata_version> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/management-dashboard/saved-search/create.html#cmdoption-metadata-version
       export provider_id=<substitute-value-of-provider_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/management-dashboard/saved-search/create.html#cmdoption-provider-id
       export provider_name=<substitute-value-of-provider_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/management-dashboard/saved-search/create.html#cmdoption-provider-name
       export provider_version=<substitute-value-of-provider_version> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/management-dashboard/saved-search/create.html#cmdoption-provider-version
       export screen_image=<substitute-value-of-screen_image> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/management-dashboard/saved-search/create.html#cmdoption-screen-image
       export type=<substitute-value-of-type> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/management-dashboard/saved-search/create.html#cmdoption-type
       export widget_template=<substitute-value-of-widget_template> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/management-dashboard/saved-search/create.html#cmdoption-widget-template
       export widget_vm=<substitute-value-of-widget_vm> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/management-dashboard/saved-search/create.html#cmdoption-widget-vm

       oci management-dashboard saved-search create --compartment-id $compartment_id --data-config file://data-config.json --description $description --display-name $display_name --is-oob-saved-search $is_oob_saved_search --metadata-version $metadata_version --nls file://nls.json --provider-id $provider_id --provider-name $provider_name --provider-version $provider_version --screen-image $screen_image --type $type --ui-config file://ui-config.json --widget-template $widget_template --widget-vm $widget_vm
