"bulk-upload"
*************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter

* Other Examples


Description
===========

Uploads all files in a given directory and all subdirectories.


Usage
=====

   oci os object bulk-upload [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

-bn, --bucket-name [text]

The name of the bucket.

--src-dir [text]

The directory which contains files to upload. Files in the directory
and all subdirectories will be uploaded.


Optional Parameters
===================

--cache-control [text]

The optional Cache-Control header that defines the caching behavior
value to be returned in GetObject and HeadObject responses. Specifying
values for this header has no effect on Object Storage behavior.
Programs that read the object determine what to do based on the value
provided. For example, you could use this header to identify objects
that require caching restrictions.

--content-disposition [text]

The optional Content-Disposition header that defines presentational
information for the object to be returned in GetObject and HeadObject
responses. Specifying values for this header has no effect on Object
Storage behavior. Programs that read the object determine what to do
based on the value provided. For example, you could use this header to
let users download objects with custom filenames in a browser.

--content-encoding [text]

The optional Content-Encoding header that defines the content encoding
of the object to be returned in GetObject and HeadObject responses.
Specifying values for this header has no effect on Object Storage
behavior. Programs that read the object determine what to do based on
the value provided. For example, you could use this header to
determine what decoding mechanisms need to be applied to obtain the
media-type specified by the Content-Type header of the object.

--content-language [text]

The optional Content-Language header that defines the content language
of the object to be returned in GetObject and HeadObject responses.
Specifying values for this header has no effect on Object Storage
behavior. Programs that read the object determine what to do based on
the value provided. For example, you could use this header to identify
and differentiate objects based on a particular language.

--content-type [text]

The optional Content-Type header that defines the standard MIME type
format of the object to be returned in GetObject and HeadObject
responses. Content type defaults to ‘application/octet-stream’ if not
specified. Specifying values for this header has no effect on Object
Storage behavior. Programs that read the object determine what to do
based on the value provided. For example, you could use this header to
identify and perform special operations on text only objects.

--disable-parallel-uploads

[DEPRECATED] This option is no longer used. If a file in the directory
will be uploaded in multiple parts, this option disables those parts
from being uploaded in parallel. This applies to all files being
uploaded in multiple parts

--dry-run

Prints the list of files to be uploaded.

--encryption-key-file [filename]

A file containing the base64-encoded string of the AES-256 encryption
key associated with the object.

--exclude [text]

Only process files which do not match the specified pattern. Patterns
are applied relative to the current directory. This option can be
specified multiple times to match on multiple patterns. Supported
pattern symbols are: 

*: Matches everything

?: Matches any single character

[sequence]: Matches any character in sequence

[!sequence]: Matches any character not in sequence

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--include [text]

Only process files which match the specified pattern. Patterns are
applied relative to the current directory. This option can be
specified multiple times to match on multiple patterns. Supported
pattern symbols are: 

*: Matches everything

?: Matches any single character

[sequence]: Matches any character in sequence

[!sequence]: Matches any character not in sequence

--metadata [text]

Arbitrary string keys and values for user-defined metadata. This will
be applied to all files being uploaded. Must be in JSON format.
Example: ‘{“key1”:”value1”,”key2”:”value2”}’

-ns, --namespace, --namespace-name [text]

Object Storage namespace. If not provided, this parameter will be
obtained internally using a call to ‘oci os ns get’

--no-follow-symlinks

Symbolic links will be ignored while traversing the local filesystem.

--no-multipart

Do not transfer the file in multiple parts. By default, files above
128 MiB will be transferred in multiple parts, then combined.

--no-overwrite

If a file being uploaded already exists in Object Storage with the
same name, do not overwite the object. If neither this flag nor
–overwrite is specified, you will be prompted each time an object with
the same name would be overwritten.

--prefix, --object-prefix [text]

A prefix to apply to the names of all files being uploaded

--opc-sse-kms-key-id [text]

The OCID of a master encryption key used to call the Key Management
Service to generate a data encryption key or to encrypt or decrypt a
data encryption key.

--overwrite

If a file being uploaded already exists in Object Storage with the
same name, overwrite the existing object in Object Storage without a
confirmation prompt. If neither this flag nor –no-overwrite is
specified, you will be prompted each time an object with the same name
would be overwritten.

Specifying this flag will also allow for faster uploads as the CLI
will not initially check whether or not the files with the same name
already exist in Object Storage.

--parallel-upload-count [integer range]

The number of parallel operations to perform. Decreasing this value
will make the process less resource intensive but it may take longer.
Increasing this value may decrease the time taken, but the process
will consume more system resources and network bandwidth. The maximum
is 1000. [default: 10]

--part-size [integer]

Part size (in MiB) to use when the file is split into multiple parts
and then combined. Part size must be greater than 10 MiB and defaults
to 128 MiB.

--storage-tier [text]

The storage tier that the objects should be stored in. If not
specified, the objects will be stored in the same storage tier as the
bucket.

Accepted values are:

   Archive, InfrequentAccess, Standard

--verify-checksum

Verify the checksum of the uploaded object with the local file.

   Examples

======================================================================


Upload all files from a given directory
----------------------------------------

   oci os object bulk-upload -ns mynamespace -bn mybucket --src-dir path/to/upload/directory


Forcing object overwrite to resolve object name collision
---------------------------------------------------------

If a file being uploaded already exists in Object Storage, it can be
overwritten without a prompt by using the "--overwrite" flag.

   oci os object bulk-upload -ns mynamespace -bn mybucket --src-dir path/to/upload/directory --overwrite


Prevent object overwrite to resolve object name collision
---------------------------------------------------------

If a file being uploaded already exists in Object Storage, it can be
preserved (not overwritten) without a prompt by using the "--no-
overwrite" flag.

   oci os object bulk-upload -ns mynamespace -bn mybucket --src-dir path/to/upload/directory --no-overwrite


Applying metadata
-----------------

Metadata can be applied when the files are put into Object Storage by
specifying the "--metadata" flag and passing metadata either via a
file or as a string on the command line.

Note:

  The same metadata will be applied to **all** uploaded files.

   oci os object bulk-upload -ns mynamespace -bn mybucket --src-dir path/to/upload/directory --metadata '{"key1":"value1","key2":"value2"}'
   oci os object bulk-upload -ns mynamespace -bn mybucket --src-dir path/to/upload/directory --metadata file://path/to/my/metadata.json


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export bucket_name=<substitute-value-of-bucket_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/os/object/bulk-upload.html#cmdoption-bucket-name
       export src_dir=<substitute-value-of-src_dir> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/os/object/bulk-upload.html#cmdoption-src-dir

       oci os object bulk-upload --bucket-name $bucket_name --src-dir $src_dir


Other Examples
==============


Description
-----------

upload all objects in the bucket excluding ‘.cache’ directory.


Command
-------

    oci os object bulk-upload -bn "cli-test" --src-dir ~/cliDirectory --exclude '.cache/*'


Output
------

   {
    "data": [
         {
              "skipped-objects": [],
              "upload-failures": {},
              "uploaded-objects": {
                   "text.txt": {
                        "etag": "cd7a12ad-683c-4a76-a846-f7cb6544428f",
                        "last-modified": "Tue, 29 Sep 2020 17:35:54 GMT",
                        "opc-content-md5": "1B2M2Y8AsgTpgAmY7PhCfg=="
                   }
              }
         }
    ]
   }


Description
-----------

Uploads all files in a given directory and all subdirectories.


Command
-------

    oci os object bulk-upload -bn bucket-client --src-dir my_folder


Output
------

   {
    "skipped-objects": [],
    "upload-failures": {},
    "uploaded-objects": {
         "a_text.txt": {
              "etag": "e2bb3457-77c1-4611-aa1b-ab2b73460ed8",
              "last-modified": "Tue, 20 Dec 2022 08:59:11 GMT",
              "opc-content-md5": "1B2M2Y8AsgTpgAmY7PhCfg=="
         },
         "b_text.txt": {
              "etag": "da972aea-ebbf-4a59-a023-c0407110b31b",
              "last-modified": "Tue, 20 Dec 2022 08:59:10 GMT",
              "opc-content-md5": "1B2M2Y8AsgTpgAmY7PhCfg=="
         }
    }
   }


Description
-----------

Uploads all files in a given directory and all subdirectories with
specified cache control method.


Command
-------

    oci os object bulk-upload -bn bucket-client --src-dir my_folder --cache-control no-cache


Output
------

   {
    "skipped-objects": [],
    "upload-failures": {},
    "uploaded-objects": {
         "a_text.txt": {
              "etag": "299f7a3e-e296-48d5-afd1-72f7774e420b",
              "last-modified": "Tue, 20 Dec 2022 09:04:21 GMT",
              "opc-content-md5": "1B2M2Y8AsgTpgAmY7PhCfg=="
         },
         "b_text.txt": {
              "etag": "83e257a5-4441-4f17-ac0d-1e0c4a752231",
              "last-modified": "Tue, 20 Dec 2022 09:04:21 GMT",
              "opc-content-md5": "1B2M2Y8AsgTpgAmY7PhCfg=="
         }
    }
   }


Description
-----------

Uploads all files in a given directory and all subdirectories with
specified content type.


Command
-------

    oci os object bulk-upload -bn bucket-client --src-dir my_folder --content-type text/plain


Output
------

   {
    "skipped-objects": [],
    "upload-failures": {},
    "uploaded-objects": {
         "a_text.txt": {
              "etag": "6d149f4a-7412-4f81-b98c-d1e8686d8c0e",
              "last-modified": "Tue, 20 Dec 2022 09:05:15 GMT",
              "opc-content-md5": "1B2M2Y8AsgTpgAmY7PhCfg=="
         },
         "b_text.txt": {
              "etag": "58a5423a-5d42-430b-a695-d2ec2a117c71",
              "last-modified": "Tue, 20 Dec 2022 09:05:14 GMT",
              "opc-content-md5": "1B2M2Y8AsgTpgAmY7PhCfg=="
         }
    }
   }


Description
-----------

Prints the list of files to be uploaded.


Command
-------

    oci os object bulk-upload -bn bucket-client --src-dir my_folder --dry-run


Output
------

   {
    "output": "my_folder/a_text.txt \nmy_folder/b_text.txt"
   }


Description
-----------

Uploads all files in a given directory and all subdirectories which do
not matches the specified pattern.


Command
-------

    oci os object bulk-upload -bn bucket-client --src-dir my_folder --exclude 'a*'


Output
------

   {
    "skipped-objects": [],
    "upload-failures": {},
    "uploaded-objects": {
         "b_text.txt": {
              "etag": "db320457-3be1-4376-b382-e36871e577ae",
              "last-modified": "Tue, 20 Dec 2022 09:10:12 GMT",
              "opc-content-md5": "1B2M2Y8AsgTpgAmY7PhCfg=="
         }
    }
   }


Description
-----------

Uploads all files in a given directory and all subdirectories which
matches the specified pattern.


Command
-------

    oci os object bulk-upload -bn bucket-client --src-dir my_folder --include 'a*'


Output
------

   {
    "skipped-objects": [],
    "upload-failures": {},
    "uploaded-objects": {
         "a_text.txt": {
              "etag": "33713add-5ef9-4909-bc99-5602f01aa76a",
              "last-modified": "Tue, 20 Dec 2022 09:10:53 GMT",
              "opc-content-md5": "1B2M2Y8AsgTpgAmY7PhCfg=="
         }
    }
   }


Description
-----------

Uploads all files in a given directory and all subdirectories with
user specified metadata.


Command
-------

    oci os object bulk-upload -bn bucket-client --src-dir my_folder --metadata '{"object-type":"Large"}'


Output
------

   {
    "skipped-objects": [],
    "upload-failures": {},
    "uploaded-objects": {
         "a_text.txt": {
              "etag": "50968516-303e-440b-a1e5-776d94838c84",
              "last-modified": "Tue, 20 Dec 2022 09:13:14 GMT",
              "opc-content-md5": "1B2M2Y8AsgTpgAmY7PhCfg=="
         },
         "b_text.txt": {
              "etag": "30db02ce-34cb-4f2e-81ac-54ee79ccdeaf",
              "last-modified": "Tue, 20 Dec 2022 09:13:21 GMT",
              "opc-content-md5": "1B2M2Y8AsgTpgAmY7PhCfg=="
         }
    }
   }
