"delete"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter

* Other Examples


Description
===========

Deletes an object.


Usage
=====

   oci os object delete [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--bucket-name, -bn [text]

The name of the bucket. Avoid entering confidential information.
Example: *my-new-bucket1*

--object-name, --name [text]

The name of the object. Avoid entering confidential information.
Example: *test/object1.log*


Optional Parameters
===================

--force

Perform deletion without prompting for confirmation.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--if-match [text]

The entity tag (ETag) to match with the ETag of an existing resource.
If the specified ETag matches the ETag of the existing resource, GET
and HEAD requests will return the resource and PUT and POST requests
will upload the resource.

--namespace-name, --namespace, -ns [text]

The Object Storage namespace used for the request. If not provided,
this parameter will be obtained internally using a call to ‘oci os ns
get’

--version-id [text]

VersionId used to identify a particular version of the object


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export bucket_name=<substitute-value-of-bucket_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/os/object/delete.html#cmdoption-bucket-name
       export object_name=<substitute-value-of-object_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/os/object/delete.html#cmdoption-object-name

       oci os object delete --bucket-name $bucket_name --object-name $object_name


Other Examples
==============


Description
-----------

This command deletes an object, with confirmation prompt


Command
-------

    oci os object delete -bn bucket-client --name test.txt


Output
------

   {
    "output": "Are you sure you want to delete this resource? [y/N]:"
   }


Description
-----------

This command deletes an object, without confirmation prompt


Command
-------

    oci os object delete -bn bucket-client --name test.txt --force


Output
------

   {
    "output": null
   }


Description
-----------

This command deletes an object with given version id


Command
-------

    oci os object delete -bn bucket-client --name test.txt --version-id 93b22a10-29e4-417c-b574-d2fe7dd2c310


Output
------

   {
    "output": "Are you sure you want to delete this resource? [y/N]:"
   }


Description
-----------

This command deletes an object, if the provided etag matches


Command
-------

    oci os object delete -bn bucket-client --name test.txt --if-match e2021ab9-cee5-4b45-a1d3-46b49eeba4a


Output
------

   {
    "output": "Are you sure you want to delete this resource? [y/N]:"
   }
