"get"
*****

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter

* Other Examples


Description
===========

Gets the metadata and body of an object.

Example:
   oci os object get -ns mynamespace -bn mybucket –name myfile.txt
   –file /Users/me/myfile.txt


Usage
=====

   oci os object get [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

-bn, --bucket-name [text]

The name of the bucket.

--file [filename]

The name of the file that will receive the object content, or ‘-‘ to
write to STDOUT.

--name [text]

The name of the object.


Optional Parameters
===================

--encryption-key-file [filename]

A file containing the base64-encoded string of the AES-256 encryption
key associated with the object.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--http-response-cache-control [text]

This value will be used in Cache-Control header of the response.

--http-response-content-disposition [text]

This value will be used in Content-Disposition header of the response.

--http-response-content-encoding [text]

This value will be used in Content-Encoding header of the response

--http-response-content-language [text]

This value will be used in Content-Language header of the response.

--http-response-content-type [text]

This value will be used in Content-Type header of the response.

--http-response-expires [text]

This value will be used in Expires header of the response

--if-match [text]

The entity tag to match.

--if-none-match [text]

The entity tag to avoid matching.

--multipart-download-threshold [integer range]

Objects larger than this size (in MiB) will be downloaded in multiple
parts. The minimum allowable threshold is 128 MiB.

-ns, --namespace, --namespace-name [text]

The top-level namespace used for the request. If not provided, this
parameter will be obtained internally using a call to ‘oci os ns get’

--no-multipart

Do not transfer the file in multiple parts. By default, files above
128 MiB will be transferred in multiple parts, then combined.

--parallel-download-count [integer range]

The number of parallel operations to perform when downloading an
object in multiple parts. Decreasing this value will make multipart
downloads less resource intensive but they may take longer. Increasing
this value may improve download times, but the download process will
consume more system resources and network bandwidth. [default: 10]

--part-size [integer range]

Part size (in MiB) to use when the file is split into multiple parts
and then combined. Part size must be greater than 10 MiB and defaults
to 128 MiB.

--range [text]

Byte range to fetch. Follows
https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7233#section-2.1. Example: bytes=2-10

--version-id [text]

VersionId used to identify a particular version of the object


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export bucket_name=<substitute-value-of-bucket_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/os/object/get.html#cmdoption-bucket-name
       export file=<substitute-value-of-file> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/os/object/get.html#cmdoption-file
       export name=<substitute-value-of-name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/os/object/get.html#cmdoption-name

       oci os object get --bucket-name $bucket_name --file $file --name $name


Other Examples
==============


Description
-----------

This command will print the content of the object on the terminal


Command
-------

    oci os object get -bn bucket-client --file - --name test.txt


Output
------

   {
    "output": "Sample Test File Input"
   }


Description
-----------

This command will download the object with file name local_test.txt


Command
-------

    oci os object get -bn bucket-client --file local_test.txt --name test.txt


Output
------

   {
    "output": null
   }


Description
-----------

This command will download the object only when etag matches


Command
-------

    oci os object get -bn bucket-client --name test.txt --file new_file.txt --if-match 38ffcfda-1200-4e9f-a7c7-4ff307032c44


Output
------

   {
    "output": null
   }


Description
-----------

This command will download the object only when etag does not match


Command
-------

    oci os object get -bn bucket-client --name test.txt --file new_file.txt --if-none-match 38ffcfda-invalid-etag


Output
------

   {
    "output": null
   }


Description
-----------

This command will download the object as a single file


Command
-------

    oci os object get -bn bucket-client --name test.txt --file new_file.txt --no-multipart


Output
------

   {
    "output": "Downloading object  [####################################]  100%"
   }


Description
-----------

This command will download the object in specified number of parallel
operations


Command
-------

    oci os object get -bn bucket-client --name test.txt --file new_file.txt --parallel-download-count 2


Output
------

   {
    "output": null
   }


Description
-----------

This command will download the object in part size of 200 and combine
it


Command
-------

    oci os object get -bn bucket-client --name test.txt --file new_file.txt --part-size 200


Output
------

   {
    "output": null
   }


Description
-----------

This command will download the object part in the specified range


Command
-------

    oci os object get -bn bucket-client --name test.txt --file new_file_5.txt --range bytes=2-10


Output
------

   {
    "output": null
   }
