"list"
******

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter

* Other Examples


Description
===========

Lists the objects in a bucket.

Example:
   oci os object list -ns mynamespace -bn mybucket –fields
   name,size,timeCreated


Usage
=====

   oci os object list [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

-bn, --bucket-name [text]

The name of the bucket.


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--delimiter [text]

When this parameter is set, only objects whose names do not contain
the delimiter character (after an optionally specified prefix) are
returned. Scanned objects whose names contain the delimiter have part
of their name up to the last occurrence of the delimiter (after the
optional prefix) returned as a set of prefixes. Note: Only ‘/’ is a
supported delimiter character at this time.

--end [text]

Only object names less than this parameter will be returned.

--fields [text]

Object summary in list of objects includes the ‘name’ field. This
parameter may also include ‘size’ (object size in bytes), ‘md5’,
‘timeCreated’ (object creation date and time), ‘timeModified’ (object
modification date and time), ‘storageTier’ and ‘archivalState’ fields.
Value of this parameter should be a comma separated, case-insensitive
list of those field names. [default:
name,size,etag,md5,timeCreated,timeModified,storageTier,archivalState]

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--limit [integer]

The maximum number of items to return. [default: 100]

-ns, --namespace, --namespace-name [text]

The top-level namespace used for the request. If not provided, this
parameter will be obtained internally using a call to ‘oci os ns get’

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--prefix [text]

Only object names that begin with this prefix will be returned.

--start [text]

Only object names greater or equal to this parameter will be returned.

--stream-output

Print output to stdout as it is fetched so the full response is not
stored in memory. This only works with "--all".


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export bucket_name=<substitute-value-of-bucket_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/os/object/list.html#cmdoption-bucket-name

       oci os object list --bucket-name $bucket_name


Other Examples
==============


Description
-----------

List objects in a bucket


Command
-------

    oci os object list --bucket-name CLITest


Output
------

   {
    "data": [
         {
              "md5": "55sYrq31fJ1VgHfEGIh2hg==",
              "name": "test/FileOne.json",
              "size": 1785862,
              "time-created": "2019-08-13T23:31:02.981000+00:00"
         },
         {
              "md5": "uzobT/eOYWpieAdIu1lc2w==",
              "name": "test/FileTwo.json",
              "size": 466,
              "time-created": "2019-08-13T20:09:54.148000+00:00"
         },
         {
              "md5": "uzobT/eOYWpieAdIu1lc2w==",
              "name": "FileThree.json",
              "size": 468,
              "time-created": "2019-08-13T22:09:54.148000+00:00"
         }
    ],
    "prefixes": []
   }


Description
-----------

List objects in a bucket with common prefix


Command
-------

    oci os object list --bucket-name CLITest --prefix test


Output
------

   {
    "data": [
         {
              "md5": "55sYrq31fJ1VgHfEGIh2hg==",
              "name": "test/FileOne.json",
              "size": 1785862,
              "time-created": "2019-08-13T23:31:02.981000+00:00"
         },
         {
              "md5": "uzobT/eOYWpieAdIu1lc2w==",
              "name": "test/FileTwo.json",
              "size": 466,
              "time-created": "2019-08-13T20:09:54.148000+00:00"
         }
    ],
    "prefixes": []
   }


Description
-----------

List all the objects in the bucket


Command
-------

    oci os object list --bucket-name bucket-client --all


Output
------

   {
    "data": [
         {
              "archival-state": "null",
              "etag": "ca834519-4af9-49d6-991c-d5e57604805e",
              "md5": "3fEfRGtHscXnERhbvm3oMw==",
              "name": "new_test.txt",
              "size": 23,
              "storage-tier": "Standard"
         },
         {
              "archival-state": "null",
              "etag": "38ffcfda-1200-4e9f-a7c7-4ff307032c44",
              "md5": "3fEfRGtHscXnERhbvm3oMw==",
              "name": "test.txt",
              "size": 23,
              "storage-tier": "Standard"
         }
    ],
    "prefixes": []
   }


Description
-----------

List specified number of objects


Command
-------

    oci os object list --bucket-name bucket-client --limit 1


Output
------

   {
    "data": [
         {
              "archival-state": "null",
              "etag": "ca834519-4af9-49d6-991c-d5e57604805e",
              "md5": "3fEfRGtHscXnERhbvm3oMw==",
              "name": "new_test.txt",
              "size": 23,
              "storage-tier": "Standard",
              "time-created": "2022-10-26T10:19:09.078000+00:00",
              "time-modified": "2022-10-26T10:19:09.078000+00:00"
         }
    ],
    "next-start-with": "test.txt",
    "prefixes": []
   }


Description
-----------

List only object names alphabetically greater or equal to specified
start text.


Command
-------

    oci os object list --bucket-name bucket-client --start news


Output
------

   {
    "data": [
         {
              "archival-state": "null",
              "etag": "38ffcfda-1200-4e9f-a7c7-4ff307032c44",
              "md5": "3fEfRGtHscXnERhbvm3oMw==",
              "name": "test.txt",
              "size": 23,
              "storage-tier": "Standard",
              "time-created": "2022-10-26T11:15:42.148000+00:00",
              "time-modified": "2022-10-26T11:15:42.148000+00:00"
         }
    ],
    "prefixes": []
   }


Description
-----------

List object summary with specified fields, others fields will not have
any value


Command
-------

    oci os object list --bucket-name bucket-client --fields name,md5


Output
------

   {
    "data": [
         {
              "archival-state": "null",
              "etag": "null",
              "md5": "3fEfRGtHscXnERhbvm3oMw==",
              "name": "new_test.txt",
              "size": "null",
              "storage-tier": "null",
              "time-created": "null",
              "time-modified": "null"
         },
         {
              "archival-state": "null",
              "etag": "null",
              "md5": "3fEfRGtHscXnERhbvm3oMw==",
              "name": "test.txt",
              "size": "null",
              "storage-tier": "null",
              "time-created": "null",
              "time-modified": "null"
         }
    ],
    "prefixes": []
   }


Description
-----------

Lists scanned objects whose names contain the delimiter or have part
of their name up to the last occurrence of the delimiter (after the
optional prefix) returned as a set of prefixes.


Command
-------

    oci os object list --bucket-name bucket-client --delimiter '/'


Output
------

   {
    "data": [
         {
              "archival-state": "null",
              "etag": "ca834519-4af9-49d6-991c-d5e57604805e",
              "md5": "3fEfRGtHscXnERhbvm3oMw==",
              "name": "new_test.txt",
              "size": 23,
              "storage-tier": "Standard",
              "time-created": "2022-10-26T10:19:09.078000+00:00",
              "time-modified": "2022-10-26T10:19:09.078000+00:00"
         },
         {
              "archival-state": "null",
              "etag": "38ffcfda-1200-4e9f-a7c7-4ff307032c44",
              "md5": "3fEfRGtHscXnERhbvm3oMw==",
              "name": "test.txt",
              "size": 23,
              "storage-tier": "Standard",
              "time-created": "2022-10-26T11:15:42.148000+00:00",
              "time-modified": "2022-10-26T11:15:42.148000+00:00"
         }
    ],
    "prefixes": [
         "abc/"
    ]
   }


Description
-----------

Fetches the specified number of object summary per call


Command
-------

    oci os object list --bucket-name bucket-client  --page-size 2 --all


Output
------

   {
    "data": [
         {
              "archival-state": "null",
              "etag": "b535baa0-5900-4d00-bc60-d488398eb723",
              "md5": "3fEfRGtHscXnERhbvm3oMw==",
              "name": "abc/prefix/xyztest.txt",
              "size": 23,
              "storage-tier": "Standard",
              "time-created": "2022-10-26T11:51:00.218000+00:00",
              "time-modified": "2022-10-26T11:51:00.218000+00:00"
         },
         {
              "archival-state": "null",
              "etag": "ca834519-4af9-49d6-991c-d5e57604805e",
              "md5": "3fEfRGtHscXnERhbvm3oMw==",
              "name": "new_test.txt",
              "size": 23,
              "storage-tier": "Standard",
              "time-created": "2022-10-26T10:19:09.078000+00:00",
              "time-modified": "2022-10-26T10:19:09.078000+00:00"
         },
         {
              "archival-state": "null",
              "etag": "38ffcfda-1200-4e9f-a7c7-4ff307032c44",
              "md5": "3fEfRGtHscXnERhbvm3oMw==",
              "name": "test.txt",
              "size": 23,
              "storage-tier": "Standard",
              "time-created": "2022-10-26T11:15:42.148000+00:00",
              "time-modified": "2022-10-26T11:15:42.148000+00:00"
         }
    ],
    "prefixes": []
   }
