"list-object-versions"
**********************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Lists the object versions in a bucket.

To use this and other API operations, you must be authorized in an IAM
policy. If you are not authorized, talk to an administrator. If you
are an administrator who needs to write policies to give users access,
see Getting Started with Policies.


Usage
=====

   oci os object list-object-versions [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--bucket-name, --bucket, -bn [text]

The name of the bucket. Avoid entering confidential information.
Example: *my-new-bucket1*


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--delimiter [text]

When this parameter is set, only objects whose names do not contain
the delimiter character (after an optionally specified prefix) are
returned in the objects key of the response body. Scanned objects
whose names contain the delimiter have the part of their name up to
the first occurrence of the delimiter (including the optional prefix)
returned as a set of prefixes. Note that only ‘/’ is a supported
delimiter character at this time.

--end [text]

Object names returned by a list query must be strictly less than this
parameter.

--fields [text]

Object summary in list of objects includes the ‘name’ field. This
parameter can also include ‘size’ (object size in bytes), ‘etag’,
‘md5’, ‘timeCreated’ (object creation date and time), ‘timeModified’
(object modification date and time), ‘storageTier’ and
‘archivalState’. Value of this parameter should be a comma-separated,
case-insensitive list of those field names. For example ‘name,size,et
ag,md5,timeCreated,timeModified,storageTier,archivalState’ Allowed
values are: name, size, etag, md5, timeCreated, timeModified,
storageTier, archivalState. [default:
name,size,etag,md5,timeCreated,timeModified,storageTier,archivalState]

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--limit [integer]

The maximum number of items to return.

--namespace-name, --namespace, -ns [text]

The Object Storage namespace used for the request. If not provided,
this parameter will be obtained internally using a call to ‘oci os ns
get’

--page [text]

The page at which to start retrieving results.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--prefix [text]

The string to use for matching against the start of object names in a
list query.

--start [text]

Object names returned by a list query must be greater or equal to this
parameter.

--start-after [text]

Object names returned by a list query must be greater than this
parameter.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"
