"rename"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter

* Other Examples


Description
===========

Rename an object in the given Object Storage namespace.

See Object Names for object naming requirements.


Usage
=====

   oci os object rename [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--bucket-name, --bucket, -bn [text]

The name of the bucket. Avoid entering confidential information.
Example: *my-new-bucket1*

--new-name [text]

The new name of the source object. Avoid entering confidential
information.

--source-name, --name [text]

The name of the source object to be renamed.


Optional Parameters
===================

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--namespace-name, --namespace, -ns [text]

The Object Storage namespace used for the request. If not provided,
this parameter will be obtained internally using a call to ‘oci os ns
get’

--new-obj-if-match-e-tag, --new-if-match [text]

The if-match entity tag (ETag) of the new object.

--new-obj-if-none-match-e-tag, --new-if-none-match [text]

The if-none-match entity tag (ETag) of the new object. The only valid
value is ‘*’, which indicates request should fail if the new object
already exists.

--src-obj-if-match-e-tag, --src-if-match [text]

The if-match entity tag (ETag) of the source object.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export bucket_name=<substitute-value-of-bucket_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/os/object/rename.html#cmdoption-bucket-name
       export new_name=<substitute-value-of-new_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/os/object/rename.html#cmdoption-new-name
       export source_name=<substitute-value-of-source_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/os/object/rename.html#cmdoption-source-name

       oci os object rename --bucket-name $bucket_name --new-name $new_name --source-name $source_name


Other Examples
==============


Description
-----------

This command renames the object


Command
-------

    oci os object rename --name test.txt --new-name new_test.txt -bn bucket-client


Output
------

   {
    "etag": "84d16577-c502-4adb-850d-8c2f9136c43d"
   }


Description
-----------

This command replaces the new object if etag matches


Command
-------

     oci os object rename --name test.txt --new-name new_test.txt -bn bucket-client  --new-if-match 46d88664-710b-47cd-8876-eaaf9afac2be


Output
------

   {
    "etag": "282f519d-d0ef-419f-aa32-6106864dd386"
   }


Description
-----------

This command fails the request to rename the object if new object with
specified new name already exists


Command
-------

     oci os object rename --name test.txt --new-name new_test_2.txt -bn bucket-client --new-if-none-match '*'


Output
------

   {
    "etag": "818c69a3-5e26-4d96-969b-503abdf2a93b"
   }


Description
-----------

This command renames the object only when etag of source object
matches


Command
-------

    oci os object rename --name test.txt --new-name new_test_3.txt -bn bucket-client --src-if-match 270a7f79-8f37-4597-9cde-45b143e0f0df


Output
------

   {
    "etag": "818c69a3-5e26-4d96-969b-503abdf2a93b"
   }
