"resume-put"
************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Resume a previous multipart put.

Example:
   oci os object resume-put -ns mynamespace -bn mybucket –name
   myfile.txt –file /Users/me/myfile.txt –upload-id my-upload-id


Usage
=====

   oci os object resume-put [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

-bn, --bucket-name [text]

The name of the bucket.

--file [filename]

The file to load as the content of the object.

--upload-id [text]

Upload ID to resume.


Optional Parameters
===================

--disable-parallel-uploads

If the object will be uploaded in multiple parts, this option disables
those parts from being uploaded in parallel.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--name [text]

The name of the object. Default value is the filename excluding the
path.

-ns, --namespace, --namespace-name [text]

The top-level namespace used for the request. If not provided, this
parameter will be obtained internally using a call to ‘oci os ns get’

--parallel-upload-count [integer range]

The number of parallel operations to perform. Decreasing this value
will make the process less resource intensive but it may take longer.
Increasing this value may decrease the time taken, but the process
will consume more system resources and network bandwidth. The maximum
is 1000.

--part-size [integer]

Part size (in MiB) to use when the file is split into multiple parts
and then combined. Part size must be greater than 10 MiB and defaults
to 128 MiB.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export bucket_name=<substitute-value-of-bucket_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/os/object/resume-put.html#cmdoption-bucket-name
       export file=<substitute-value-of-file> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/os/object/resume-put.html#cmdoption-file
       export upload_id=<substitute-value-of-upload_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/os/object/resume-put.html#cmdoption-upload-id

       oci os object resume-put --bucket-name $bucket_name --file $file --upload-id $upload_id
