"get"
*****

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Gets the current representation of the given Private Endpoint in the
given Object Storage namespace.


Usage
=====

   oci os private-endpoint get [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--pe-name [text]

The name of the private endpoint. Avoid entering confidential
information. Example: *my-new-pe-1*


Optional Parameters
===================

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--if-match [text]

The entity tag (ETag) to match with the ETag of an existing resource.
If the specified ETag matches the ETag of the existing resource, GET
and HEAD requests will return the resource and PUT and POST requests
will upload the resource.

--if-none-match [text]

The entity tag (ETag) to avoid matching. Wildcards (‘*’) are not
allowed. If the specified ETag does not match the ETag of the existing
resource, the request returns the expected response. If the ETag
matches the ETag of the existing resource, the request returns an HTTP
304 status without a response body.

--namespace-name [text]

The Object Storage namespace used for the request. If not provided,
this parameter will be obtained internally using a call to ‘oci os ns
get’


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export pe_name=<substitute-value-of-pe_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/os/private-endpoint/get.html#cmdoption-pe-name

       oci os private-endpoint get --pe-name $pe_name
