"create"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Create a new pattern.


Usage
=====

   oci data-catalog pattern create [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--catalog-id [text]

Unique catalog identifier.

--display-name [text]

A user-friendly display name. Does not have to be unique, and it’s
changeable. Avoid entering confidential information.


Optional Parameters
===================

--check-failure-limit [integer]

The maximum number of UNMATCHED files, in checkFilePathList, above
which the check fails. Optional, if checkFilePathList is provided -
but if isEnableCheckFailureLimit is set to true it is required.

--check-file-path-list [complex type]

List of file paths against which the pattern can be tried, as a check.
This documents, for reference purposes, some example objects a pattern
is meant to work with. If isEnableCheckFailureLimit is set to true,
this will be run as a validation during the request, such that if the
check fails the request fails. If isEnableCheckFailureLimit instead is
set to (the default) false, a pattern will still be created or updated
even if the check fails, with a lifecycleState of FAILED. This is a
complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided
as a string on the command line or passed in as a file using the
file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--description [text]

Detailed description of the Pattern.

--expression [text]

Input string which drives the selection process, allowing for fine-
grained control using qualifiers. Refer to the user documentation for
details of the format and examples. A pattern cannot include both a
prefix and an expression.

--file-path-prefix [text]

Input string which drives the selection process. Refer to the user
documentation for details of the format and examples. A pattern cannot
include both a prefix and an expression.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--is-enable-check-failure-limit [boolean]

Indicates whether the pattern check, against the checkFilePathList,
will fail the request if the count of UNMATCHED files is above the
checkFailureLimit.

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the resource to reach the lifecycle state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--properties [complex type]

A map of maps that contains the properties which are specific to the
pattern type. Each pattern type definition defines it’s set of
required and optional properties. Example: *{“properties”: {
“default”: { “tbd”}}}* This is a complex type whose value must be
valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the command line
or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation creates, modifies or deletes a resource that has a
defined lifecycle state. Specify this option to perform the action and
then wait until the resource reaches a given lifecycle state. Multiple
states can be specified, returning on the first state. For example, "
--wait-for-state" SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on
whichever lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a
return code of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1
is returned.

Accepted values are:

   ACTIVE, CREATING, DELETED, DELETING, FAILED, INACTIVE, MOVING, UPDATING

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the resource has
reached the lifecycle state defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to
30 seconds.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/data-catalog/catalog/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export display_name=<substitute-value-of-display_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/data-catalog/pattern/create.html#cmdoption-display-name

       catalog_id=$(oci data-catalog catalog create --compartment-id $compartment_id --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci data-catalog pattern create --catalog-id $catalog_id --display-name $display_name
