"summarize-resources"
*********************

* Description

* Usage

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Gets metric extension resources count based on the aggregation
criteria specified using request body. Either metricExtensionId or
compartmentId should be passed, if no other property is passed.


Usage
=====

   oci stack-monitoring metric-extension summarize-resources [OPTIONS]


Optional Parameters
===================

--association-status [text]

Filter to return metric extensions based on input enable status i.e.
Enabled/Disabled

Accepted values are:

   DISABLED, ENABLED

--compartment-id, -c [text]

Compartment Identifier OCID

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--group-by [text]

The field to group by

Accepted values are:

   METRIC_EXTENSION_ID

--limit [integer]

For list pagination. The maximum number of results per page, or items
to return in a paginated “List” call. For important details about how
pagination works, see List Pagination.

--metric-ext-id [text]

The OCID of Metric Extension resource

--page [text]

For list pagination. The value of the *opc-next-page* response header
from the previous “List” call. For important details about how
pagination works, see List Pagination.

--resource-id [text]

The OCID of Monitored Resource

--resource-type [text]

Resource type to which Metric Extension applies

--sort-by [text]

Result will ne sorted by this parameter value

Accepted values are:

   COUNT

--sort-order [text]

Sort orders

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       oci stack-monitoring metric-extension summarize-resources
