"delete-filter-group"
*********************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Deletes a filter group in the specified announcement subscription.

This call is subject to an Announcements limit that applies to the
total number of requests across all read or write operations.
Announcements might throttle this call to reject an otherwise valid
request when the total rate of operations exceeds 20 requests per
second for a given user. The service might also throttle this call to
reject an otherwise valid request when the total rate of operations
exceeds 100 requests per second for a given tenancy.


Usage
=====

   oci announce announcement-subscription delete-filter-group [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--announcement-subscription-id [text]

The OCID of the announcement subscription.

--filter-group-name [text]

The name of the filter group.


Optional Parameters
===================

--force

Perform deletion without prompting for confirmation.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--if-match [text]

The locking version, used for optimistic concurrency control.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/announce/announcement-subscription/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export display_name=<substitute-value-of-display_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/announce/announcement-subscription/create.html#cmdoption-display-name
       export ons_topic_id=<substitute-value-of-ons_topic_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/announce/announcement-subscription/create.html#cmdoption-ons-topic-id
       export filter_group_name=<substitute-value-of-filter_group_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/announce/announcement-subscription/delete-filter-group.html#cmdoption-filter-group-name

       announcement_subscription_id=$(oci announce announcement-subscription create --compartment-id $compartment_id --display-name $display_name --ons-topic-id $ons_topic_id --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci announce announcement-subscription delete-filter-group --announcement-subscription-id $announcement_subscription_id --filter-group-name $filter_group_name
