"delete"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Delete a user’s customer secret key.

The top level –endpoint parameter must be supplied for this operation.


Usage
=====

   oci identity-domains customer-secret-key delete [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--customer-secret-key-id [text]

ID of the resource


Optional Parameters
===================

--authorization [text]

The Authorization field value consists of credentials containing the
authentication information of the user agent for the realm of the
resource being requested.

--force

Perform deletion without prompting for confirmation.

--force-delete [boolean]

To force delete the resource and all its references (if any).

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--if-match [text]

Used to make the request conditional on an ETag

--resource-type-schema-version [text]

An endpoint-specific schema version number to use in the Request.
Allowed version values are Earliest Version or Latest Version as
specified in each REST API endpoint description, or any sequential
number inbetween. All schema attributes/body parameters are a part of
version 1. After version 1, any attributes added or deprecated will be
tagged with the version that they were added to or deprecated in. If
no version is provided, the latest schema version is returned.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy and paste the following example into a JSON file, replacing the
example parameters with your own.

       oci identity-domains customer-secret-key create --generate-param-json-input schemas > schemas.json

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       customer_secret_key_id=$(oci identity-domains customer-secret-key create --schemas file://schemas.json --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci identity-domains customer-secret-key delete --customer-secret-key-id $customer_secret_key_id
