"create-system-format-resource-type"
************************************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Creates a new monitored resource type.


Usage
=====

   oci stack-monitoring resource-type create-system-format-resource-type [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

Compartment Identifier OCID.

--name [text]

A unique monitored resource type name. The name must be unique across
tenancy. Name can not be changed.


Optional Parameters
===================

--agent-properties [complex type]

List of properties needed by the agent for monitoring the resource.
Valid only if resource type is OCI management agent based. When
specified, these properties are passed to the management agent during
resource create or update. This is a complex type whose value must be
valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the command line
or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--defined-tags [complex type]

Defined tags for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a
namespace. Example: *{“foo-namespace”: {“bar-key”: “value”}}* This is
a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be
provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file using
the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--description [text]

A friendly description.

--display-name [text]

Monitored resource type display name.

--freeform-tags [complex type]

Simple key-value pair that is applied without any predefined name,
type or scope. Exists for cross-compatibility only. Example: *{“bar-
key”: “value”}* This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON.
The value can be provided as a string on the command line or passed in
as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the resource to reach the lifecycle state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--metric-namespace [text]

Metric namespace for resource type.

--required-properties [complex type]

List of required properties for resource type. This is a complex type
whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string
on the command line or passed in as a file using the
file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--resource-category [text]

Resource Category to indicate the kind of resource type.

Accepted values are:

   APPLICATION, DATABASE, INFRASTRUCTURE, MIDDLEWARE, UNKNOWN

--source-type [text]

Source type to indicate if the resource is stack monitoring
discovered, OCI native resource, etc.

Accepted values are:

   COLLECTD, OCI_NATIVE, PROMETHEUS, SM_MGMT_AGENT_MONITORED, SM_REPO_ONLY, TELEGRAF

--sub-resource-types [complex type]

List of valid sub-resource types for a composite resource type. The
sub-resource types will be obtained from the valid association pairs
corresponding to the composite resource types. It will be empty for
non composite resource types This is a complex type whose value must
be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the command
line or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--unique-property-sets [complex type]

List of property sets used to uniquely identify the resources. This
check is made during create or update of stack monitoring resource.
The resource has to pass unique check for each set in the list. For
example, database can have user, password and SID as one unique set.
Another unique set would be user, password and service name.

This option is a JSON list with items of type UniquePropertySet.  For
documentation on UniquePropertySet please see our API reference: http
s://docs.cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/stackmonitoring/20210330/datatypes
/UniquePropertySet. This is a complex type whose value must be valid
JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the command line or
passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--valid-properties-for-create [complex type]

List of valid properties for resource type while creating the
monitored resource. If resources of this type specifies any other
properties during create operation, the operation will fail. This is a
complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided
as a string on the command line or passed in as a file using the
file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--valid-properties-for-update [complex type]

List of valid properties for resource type while updating the
monitored resource. If resources of this type specifies any other
properties during update operation, the operation will fail. This is a
complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided
as a string on the command line or passed in as a file using the
file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--valid-property-values [complex type]

List of valid values for the properties. This is useful when resource
type wants to restrict only certain values for some properties. For
instance for ‘osType’ property, supported values can be restricted to
be either Linux or Windows. Example: *{ “osType”:
[“Linux”,”Windows”,”Solaris”]}* This is a complex type whose value
must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the
command line or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file
syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation creates, modifies or deletes a resource that has a
defined lifecycle state. Specify this option to perform the action and
then wait until the resource reaches a given lifecycle state. Multiple
states can be specified, returning on the first state. For example, "
--wait-for-state" SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on
whichever lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a
return code of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1
is returned.

Accepted values are:

   ACTIVE, CREATING, DELETED, DELETING, FAILED, INACTIVE, UPDATING

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the resource has
reached the lifecycle state defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to
30 seconds.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/stack-monitoring/resource-type/create-system-format-resource-type.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export name=<substitute-value-of-name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/stack-monitoring/resource-type/create-system-format-resource-type.html#cmdoption-name

       oci stack-monitoring resource-type create-system-format-resource-type --compartment-id $compartment_id --name $name
