"list"
******

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Returns list of resource types accessible to the customer. There are
two types of resource types - System resource types and User resource
types. System resource types are available out of the box in the stack
monitoring resource service and are accessible to all the tenant
users. User resource types are created in the context of a tenancy and
are visible only for the tenancy. By default, both System resource
types and User resource types are returned.


Usage
=====

   oci stack-monitoring resource-type list [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the tenancy for which monitored resource types should be
listed.


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--exclude-fields [text]

Partial response refers to an optimization technique offered by the
RESTful web APIs, to return all the information except the fields
requested to be excluded (excludeFields) by the client. In this
mechanism, the client sends the exclude field names as the query
parameters for an API to the server, and the server trims down the
default response content by removing the fields that are not required
by the client. The parameter controls which fields to exlude and to
return and should be a query string parameter called “excludeFields”
of an array type, provide the values as enums, and use
collectionFormat.

--fields [text]

Partial response refers to an optimization technique offered by the
RESTful web APIs, to return only the information (fields) required by
the client. In this mechanism, the client sends the required field
names as the query parameters for an API to the server, and the server
trims down the default response content by removing the fields that
are not required by the client. The parameter controls which fields to
return and should be a query string parameter called “fields” of an
array type, provide the values as enums, and use collectionFormat.

MonitoredResourceType Id, name and compartment will be added by
default.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--is-exclude-system-types [boolean]

A filter to exclude system resource types. If set to true, system
resource types will be excluded.

--limit [integer]

For list pagination. The maximum number of results per page, or items
to return in a paginated “List” call. For important details about how
pagination works, see List Pagination.

--metric-namespace [text]

A filter to return monitored resource types that has the matching
namespace.

--name [text]

A filter to return monitored resource types that match exactly with
the resource type name given.

--page [text]

For list pagination. The value of the *opc-next-page* response header
from the previous “List” call. For important details about how
pagination works, see List Pagination.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--resource-category [text]

A filter to return only resources with matching resource category.

Accepted values are:

   APPLICATION, DATABASE, INFRASTRUCTURE, MIDDLEWARE, UNKNOWN

--sort-by [text]

The field to sort by. Only one sort order may be provided. Default
order for ‘timeUpdated’ is descending. Default order for ‘name’ is
ascending.

Accepted values are:

   name, timeUpdated

--sort-order [text]

The sort order to use, either ascending (*ASC*) or descending
(*DESC*).

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC

--source-type [text]

A filter to return only resources with matching source type.

Accepted values are:

   COLLECTD, OCI_NATIVE, PROMETHEUS, SM_MGMT_AGENT_MONITORED, SM_REPO_ONLY, TELEGRAF

--status [text]

A filter to return only resources that matches with lifecycleState
given.

Accepted values are:

   ACTIVE, CREATING, DELETED, DELETING, FAILED, UPDATING


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/stack-monitoring/resource-type/list.html#cmdoption-compartment-id

       oci stack-monitoring resource-type list --compartment-id $compartment_id
