"create"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Assigns a volume backup policy to the specified volume. Note that a
given volume can only have one backup policy assigned to it. If this
operation is used for a volume that already has a different backup
policy assigned, the prior backup policy will be silently unassigned.


Usage
=====

   oci bv volume-backup-policy-assignment create [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--asset-id [text]

The OCID of the volume to assign the policy to.

--policy-id [text]

The OCID of the volume backup policy to assign to the volume.


Optional Parameters
===================

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--xrc-kms-key-id [text]

The OCID of the Vault service key which is the master encryption key
for the block / boot volume cross region backups, which will be used
in the destination region to encrypt the backup’s encryption keys. For
more information about the Vault service and encryption keys, see
Overview of Vault service and Using Keys.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export asset_id=<substitute-value-of-asset_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/bv/volume-backup-policy-assignment/create.html#cmdoption-asset-id
       export policy_id=<substitute-value-of-policy_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/bv/volume-backup-policy-assignment/create.html#cmdoption-policy-id

       oci bv volume-backup-policy-assignment create --asset-id $asset_id --policy-id $policy_id
