"list-volumes"
**************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Returns a list of volumes within the given desktop pool. You can limit
the results to an availability domain, volume name, or volume state.
You can limit the number of results returned, sort the results by time
or name, and sort in ascending or descending order.


Usage
=====

   oci desktops desktop-pool list-volumes [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment of the desktop pool.

--desktop-pool-id [text]

The OCID of the desktop pool.


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--availability-domain [text]

The name of the availability domain.

--display-name [text]

A filter to return only results with the given displayName.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--id [text]

A filter to return only results with the given OCID.

--lifecycle-state [text]

A filter to return only results with the given lifecycleState.

--limit [integer]

The maximum number of results to return.

--page [text]

For list pagination.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--sort-by [text]

A field to sort by.

Accepted values are:

   DISPLAYNAME, TIMECREATED

--sort-order [text]

A field to indicate the sort order.

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy and paste the following example into a JSON file, replacing the
example parameters with your own.

       oci desktops desktop-pool create --generate-param-json-input availability-policy > availability-policy.json
       oci desktops desktop-pool create --generate-param-json-input device-policy > device-policy.json
       oci desktops desktop-pool create --generate-param-json-input image > image.json
       oci desktops desktop-pool create --generate-param-json-input network-configuration > network-configuration.json

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export are_privileged_users=<substitute-value-of-are_privileged_users> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/desktops/desktop-pool/create.html#cmdoption-are-privileged-users
       export availability_domain=<substitute-value-of-availability_domain> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/desktops/desktop-pool/create.html#cmdoption-availability-domain
       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/desktops/desktop-pool/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export contact_details=<substitute-value-of-contact_details> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/desktops/desktop-pool/create.html#cmdoption-contact-details
       export display_name=<substitute-value-of-display_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/desktops/desktop-pool/create.html#cmdoption-display-name
       export is_storage_enabled=<substitute-value-of-is_storage_enabled> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/desktops/desktop-pool/create.html#cmdoption-is-storage-enabled
       export maximum_size=<substitute-value-of-maximum_size> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/desktops/desktop-pool/create.html#cmdoption-maximum-size
       export shape_name=<substitute-value-of-shape_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/desktops/desktop-pool/create.html#cmdoption-shape-name
       export standby_size=<substitute-value-of-standby_size> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/desktops/desktop-pool/create.html#cmdoption-standby-size
       export storage_backup_policy_id=<substitute-value-of-storage_backup_policy_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/desktops/desktop-pool/create.html#cmdoption-storage-backup-policy-id
       export storage_size_in_gbs=<substitute-value-of-storage_size_in_gbs> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/desktops/desktop-pool/create.html#cmdoption-storage-size-in-gbs

       desktop_pool_id=$(oci desktops desktop-pool create --are-privileged-users $are_privileged_users --availability-domain $availability_domain --availability-policy file://availability-policy.json --compartment-id $compartment_id --contact-details $contact_details --device-policy file://device-policy.json --display-name $display_name --image file://image.json --is-storage-enabled $is_storage_enabled --maximum-size $maximum_size --network-configuration file://network-configuration.json --shape-name $shape_name --standby-size $standby_size --storage-backup-policy-id $storage_backup_policy_id --storage-size-in-gbs $storage_size_in_gbs --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci desktops desktop-pool list-volumes --compartment-id $compartment_id --desktop-pool-id $desktop_pool_id
