"list-module-streams"
*********************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Retrieve a list of module streams, along with a summary of their
status, from a managed instance.  Filters may be applied to select a
subset of module streams based on the filter criteria.

The ‘moduleName’ attribute filters against the name of a module. It
accepts strings of the format “<module>”.  If this attribute is
defined, only streams that belong to the specified module are included
in the result set.  If it is not defined, the request is not subject
to this filter.

The “status” attribute filters against the state of a module stream.
Valid values are “ENABLED”, “DISABLED”, and “ACTIVE”.  If the
attribute is set to “ENABLED”, only module streams that are enabled
are included in the result set.  If the attribute is set to
“DISABLED”, only module streams that are not enabled are included in
the result set.  If the attribute is set to “ACTIVE”, only module
streams that are active are included in the result set.  If the
attribute is not defined, the request is not subject to this filter.

When sorting by the display name, the result set is sorted first by
the module name and then by the stream name.


Usage
=====

   oci os-management managed-instance list-module-streams [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--managed-instance-id [text]

OCID for the managed instance


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The ID of the compartment in which to list resources. This parameter
is optional and in some cases may have no effect.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--limit [integer]

The maximum number of items to return.

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the work request to reach the state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--module-name [text]

The name of a module.  This parameter is required if a streamName is
specified.

--page [text]

The page token representing the page at which to start retrieving
results. This is usually retrieved from a previous list call.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--sort-by [text]

The field to sort by. Only one sort order may be provided. Default
order for TIMECREATED is descending. Default order for DISPLAYNAME is
ascending. If no value is specified TIMECREATED is default.

Accepted values are:

   DISPLAYNAME, TIMECREATED

--sort-order [text]

The sort order to use, either ‘asc’ or ‘desc’.

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC

--stream-name [text]

The name of the stream of the containing module.  This parameter is
required if a profileName is specified.

--stream-status [text]

The status of the stream

A stream with the “ENABLED” status can be used as a source for
installing profiles.  Streams with this status are also “ACTIVE”.

A stream with the “DISABLED” status cannot be the source for
installing profiles.  To install profiles and packages from this
stream, it must be enabled.

A stream with the “ACTIVE” status can be used as a source for
installing profiles.  The packages that comprise the stream are also
used when a matching package is installed directly.  In general, a
stream can have this status if it is the default stream for the module
and no stream has been explicitly enabled.

Accepted values are:

   ACTIVE, DISABLED, ENABLED

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation asynchronously creates, modifies or deletes a resource
and uses a work request to track the progress of the operation.
Specify this option to perform the action and then wait until the work
request reaches a certain state. Multiple states can be specified,
returning on the first state. For example, "--wait-for-state"
SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on whichever
lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a return code
of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1 is returned.

Accepted values are:

   ACCEPTED, CANCELED, CANCELLING, FAILED, IN_PROGRESS, SUCCEEDED

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the work request
has reached the state defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 30
seconds.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export managed_instance_id=<substitute-value-of-managed_instance_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/os-management/managed-instance/list-module-streams.html#cmdoption-managed-instance-id

       oci os-management managed-instance list-module-streams --managed-instance-id $managed_instance_id
