"list"
******

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter

* Other Examples


Description
===========

Lists the work requests in a compartment.


Usage
=====

   oci os work-request list [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The ID of the compartment in which to list buckets.


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--limit [integer]

For list pagination. The maximum number of results per page, or items
to return in a paginated “List” call. For important details about how
pagination works, see List Pagination.

--page [text]

For list pagination. The value of the *opc-next-page* response header
from the previous “List” call. For important details about how
pagination works, see List Pagination.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--private-endpoint-name [text]

The name of the privateEndpoint for which to list work requests.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/os/work-request/list.html#cmdoption-compartment-id

       oci os work-request list --compartment-id $compartment_id


Other Examples
==============


Description
-----------

Lists first 1000 work requests in a compartment


Command
-------

    oci os work-request list -c ocid1.compartment.oc1..aaaaaaaa3ffjane6aoullgob4daj6xw2bzkm7maswctna2zgoxfny4smpoha


Output
------

   {
    "data": [
         {
              "compartment-id": "ocid1.compartment.oc1..aaaaaaaa3ffjane6aoullgob4daj6xw2bzkm7maswctna2zgoxfny4smpoha",
              "id": "2e883125-b949-4d43-9750-2a9930295196",
              "operation-type": "COPY_OBJECT",
              "percent-complete": 100.0,
              "resources": [
                   {
                        "action-type": "READ",
                        "entity-type": "object",
                        "entity-uri": "/n/bmcostests/b/bucket-client/o/test.txt",
                        "identifier": null,
                        "metadata": {
                             "BUCKET": "bucket-client",
                             "NAMESPACE": "bmcostests",
                             "OBJECT": "test.txt",
                             "REGION": "us-phoenix-1"
                        }
                   },
                   {
                        "action-type": "WRITTEN",
                        "entity-type": "object",
                        "entity-uri": "/n/bmcostests/b/ankit-test/o/test.txt",
                        "identifier": null,
                        "metadata": {
                             "BUCKET": "ankit-test",
                             "NAMESPACE": "bmcostests",
                             "OBJECT": "test.txt",
                             "REGION": "us-phoenix-1"
                        }
                   }
              ],
              "status": "COMPLETED",
              "time-accepted": "2022-12-19T09:42:27+00:00",
              "time-finished": "2022-12-19T09:42:27+00:00",
              "time-started": "2022-12-19T09:42:27+00:00"
         }
    ]
   }


Description
-----------

Lists all work requests in a compartment


Command
-------

    oci os work-request list -c ocid1.compartment.oc1..aaaaaaaa3ffjane6aoullgob4daj6xw2bzkm7maswctna2zgoxfny4smpoha --all


Output
------

   {
    "data": [
         {
              "compartment-id": "ocid1.compartment.oc1..aaaaaaaa3ffjane6aoullgob4daj6xw2bzkm7maswctna2zgoxfny4smpoha",
              "id": "2e883125-b949-4d43-9750-2a9930295196",
              "operation-type": "COPY_OBJECT",
              "percent-complete": 100.0,
              "resources": [
                   {
                        "action-type": "READ",
                        "entity-type": "object",
                        "entity-uri": "/n/bmcostests/b/bucket-client/o/test.txt",
                        "identifier": null,
                        "metadata": {
                             "BUCKET": "bucket-client",
                             "NAMESPACE": "bmcostests",
                             "OBJECT": "test.txt",
                             "REGION": "us-phoenix-1"
                        }
                   },
                   {
                        "action-type": "WRITTEN",
                        "entity-type": "object",
                        "entity-uri": "/n/bmcostests/b/ankit-test/o/test.txt",
                        "identifier": null,
                        "metadata": {
                             "BUCKET": "ankit-test",
                             "NAMESPACE": "bmcostests",
                             "OBJECT": "test.txt",
                             "REGION": "us-phoenix-1"
                        }
                   }
              ],
              "status": "COMPLETED",
              "time-accepted": "2022-12-19T09:42:27+00:00",
              "time-finished": "2022-12-19T09:42:27+00:00",
              "time-started": "2022-12-19T09:42:27+00:00"
         }
    ]
   }


Description
-----------

Lists work requests in the compartment, with maximum number of results
per page equal to the specified limit


Command
-------

    oci os work-request list -c ocid1.compartment.oc1..aaaaaaaa3ffjane6aoullgob4daj6xw2bzkm7maswctna2zgoxfny4smpoha --limit 1


Output
------

   {
    "data": [
         {
              "compartment-id": "ocid1.compartment.oc1..aaaaaaaa3ffjane6aoullgob4daj6xw2bzkm7maswctna2zgoxfny4smpoha",
              "id": "2e883125-b949-4d43-9750-2a9930295196",
              "operation-type": "COPY_OBJECT",
              "percent-complete": 100.0,
              "resources": [
                   {
                        "action-type": "READ",
                        "entity-type": "object",
                        "entity-uri": "/n/bmcostests/b/bucket-client/o/test.txt",
                        "identifier": null,
                        "metadata": {
                             "BUCKET": "bucket-client",
                             "NAMESPACE": "bmcostests",
                             "OBJECT": "test.txt",
                             "REGION": "us-phoenix-1"
                        }
                   },
                   {
                        "action-type": "WRITTEN",
                        "entity-type": "object",
                        "entity-uri": "/n/bmcostests/b/ankit-test/o/test.txt",
                        "identifier": null,
                        "metadata": {
                             "BUCKET": "ankit-test",
                             "NAMESPACE": "bmcostests",
                             "OBJECT": "test.txt",
                             "REGION": "us-phoenix-1"
                        }
                   }
              ],
              "status": "COMPLETED",
              "time-accepted": "2022-12-19T09:42:27+00:00",
              "time-finished": "2022-12-19T09:42:27+00:00",
              "time-started": "2022-12-19T09:42:27+00:00"
         }
    ],
    "opc-next-page": "1:bMd9i0XDSPgKtWK2Z0mB8j-OV_02CvwnYGoOaV-YfndxTbrq-tlnuhPrFouYqI6CINWKhXfwlZpx_dHGSiIhEvgm757v_Jz_-If7apNo3UU="
   }


Description
-----------

List work requests on the the specified page, use opc-next-page
response header from the previous ”List” call


Command
-------

    oci os work-request list -c ocid1.compartment.oc1..aaaaaaaa3ffjane6aoullgob4daj6xw2bzkm7maswctna2zgoxfny4smpoha --page 1:bMd9i0XDSPgKtWK2Z0mB8j-OV_02CvwnYGoOaV-YfndxTbrq-tlnuhPrFouYqI6CINWKhXfwlZpx_dHGSiIhEvgm757v_Jz_-If7apNo3UU=


Output
------

   {
    "data": [
         {
              "compartment-id": "ocid1.compartment.oc1..aaaaaaaa3ffjane6aoullgob4daj6xw2bzkm7maswctna2zgoxfny4smpoha",
              "id": "2e883125-b949-4d43-9750-2a9930295196",
              "operation-type": "COPY_OBJECT",
              "percent-complete": 100.0,
              "resources": [
                   {
                        "action-type": "READ",
                        "entity-type": "object",
                        "entity-uri": "/n/bmcostests/b/bucket-client/o/test.txt",
                        "identifier": null,
                        "metadata": {
                             "BUCKET": "bucket-client",
                             "NAMESPACE": "bmcostests",
                             "OBJECT": "test.txt",
                             "REGION": "us-phoenix-1"
                        }
                   },
                   {
                        "action-type": "WRITTEN",
                        "entity-type": "object",
                        "entity-uri": "/n/bmcostests/b/ankit-test/o/test.txt",
                        "identifier": null,
                        "metadata": {
                             "BUCKET": "ankit-test",
                             "NAMESPACE": "bmcostests",
                             "OBJECT": "test.txt",
                             "REGION": "us-phoenix-1"
                        }
                   }
              ],
              "status": "COMPLETED",
              "time-accepted": "2022-12-19T09:42:27+00:00",
              "time-finished": "2022-12-19T09:42:27+00:00",
              "time-started": "2022-12-19T09:42:27+00:00"
         }
    ]
   }


Description
-----------

Lists work requests in the compartment, with number of results per
call equal to the specified page size


Command
-------

    oci os work-request list -c ocid1.compartment.oc1..aaaaaaaa3ffjane6aoullgob4daj6xw2bzkm7maswctna2zgoxfny4smpoha --page-size 2 --all


Output
------

   {
    "data": [
         {
              "compartment-id": "ocid1.compartment.oc1..aaaaaaaa3ffjane6aoullgob4daj6xw2bzkm7maswctna2zgoxfny4smpoha",
              "id": "2e883125-b949-4d43-9750-2a9930295196",
              "operation-type": "COPY_OBJECT",
              "percent-complete": 100.0,
              "resources": [
                   {
                        "action-type": "READ",
                        "entity-type": "object",
                        "entity-uri": "/n/bmcostests/b/bucket-client/o/test.txt",
                        "identifier": null,
                        "metadata": {
                             "BUCKET": "bucket-client",
                             "NAMESPACE": "bmcostests",
                             "OBJECT": "test.txt",
                             "REGION": "us-phoenix-1"
                        }
                   },
                   {
                        "action-type": "WRITTEN",
                        "entity-type": "object",
                        "entity-uri": "/n/bmcostests/b/ankit-test/o/test.txt",
                        "identifier": null,
                        "metadata": {
                             "BUCKET": "ankit-test",
                             "NAMESPACE": "bmcostests",
                             "OBJECT": "test.txt",
                             "REGION": "us-phoenix-1"
                        }
                   }
              ],
              "status": "COMPLETED",
              "time-accepted": "2022-12-19T09:42:27+00:00",
              "time-finished": "2022-12-19T09:42:27+00:00",
              "time-started": "2022-12-19T09:42:27+00:00"
         }
    ]
   }
