"list"
******

* Description

* Usage

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter

* Other Examples


Description
===========

Returns a list of Compute Cloud@Customer infrastructures.


Usage
=====

   oci ccc infrastructure list [OPTIONS]


Optional Parameters
===================

--access-level [text]

Valid values are RESTRICTED and ACCESSIBLE. Default is RESTRICTED.
Setting this to ACCESSIBLE returns only those compartments for which
the user has INSPECT permissions directly or indirectly (permissions
can be on a resource in a subcompartment). When set to RESTRICTED
permissions are checked and no partial results are displayed.

Accepted values are:

   ACCESSIBLE, RESTRICTED

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment in which to list resources.

--compartment-id-in-subtree [boolean]

Default is false. When set to true, the hierarchy of compartments is
traversed and all compartments and sub-compartments in the tenancy are
returned. Depends on the ‘accessLevel’ setting.

--display-name [text]

A filter to return only resources that match the entire display name
given.

--display-name-contains [text]

A filter to return only resources whose display name contains the
substring.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--infrastructure-id [text]

An OCID for a Compute Cloud@Customer Infrastructure.

--lifecycle-state [text]

A filter used to return only resources that match the given
lifecycleState.

Accepted values are:

   ACTIVE, DELETED, FAILED, NEEDS_ATTENTION

--limit [integer]

The maximum number of items to return.

--page [text]

A token representing the position at which to start retrieving
results. This must come from the *opc-next-page* header field of a
previous response.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--sort-by [text]

The field to sort by. Only one sort order may be provided. Default
order for timeCreated is descending. Default order for displayName is
ascending.

Accepted values are:

   displayName, timeCreated

--sort-order [text]

The sort order to use, either ‘ASC’ or ‘DESC’.

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       oci ccc infrastructure list


Other Examples
==============


Description
-----------

Lists all Compute Cloud@Customer infrastructures in the specified
compartment.


Command
-------

    oci ccc infrastructure list -c <compartment_OCID> --all


Output
------

   {
    "data": {
         "items": [
              {
                   "compartment-id": "<compartment_OCID>",
                   "connection-state": "REJECT",
                   "defined-tags": {
                        "Oracle-Tags": {
                             "CreatedBy": "user",
                             "CreatedOn": "2023-07-28T12:53:26.934Z"
                        }
                   },
                   "display-name": "TestInfrastructure",
                   "freeform-tags": {},
                   "id": "<infrastructure_OCID>",
                   "lifecycle-state": "ACTIVE",
                   "short-name": "<infrastructure_SHORTNAME>",
                   "subnet-id": "<subnet_OCID>",
                   "system-tags": {},
                   "time-created": "2023-07-28T12:53:27.141000+00:00"
              },
              {
                   "compartment-id": "<compartment_OCID>",
                   "connection-state": "REJECT",
                   "defined-tags": {
                        "Oracle-Tags": {
                             "CreatedBy": "user",
                             "CreatedOn": "2023-07-18T08:39:53.201Z"
                        }
                   },
                   "display-name": "some text",
                   "freeform-tags": {},
                   "id": "<infrastructure_OCID>",
                   "lifecycle-state": "ACTIVE",
                   "short-name": "<infrastructure_SHORTNAME>",
                   "subnet-id": "<subnet_OCID>",
                   "system-tags": {},
                   "time-created": "2023-07-18T08:39:53.433000+00:00"
              },
              {
                   "compartment-id": "<compartment_OCID>",
                   "connection-state": "REJECT",
                   "defined-tags": {
                        "Oracle-Tags": {
                             "CreatedBy": "user",
                             "CreatedOn": "2023-06-28T08:44:42.165Z"
                        }
                   },
                   "display-name": "TestInfrastructureUpgrade1",
                   "freeform-tags": {},
                   "id": "<infrastructure_OCID>",
                   "lifecycle-state": "ACTIVE",
                   "short-name": "i6rskydbg7q",
                   "subnet-id": "<subnet_OCID>",
                   "system-tags": {},
                   "time-created": "2023-06-28T08:44:42.386000+00:00"
              },
              {
                   "compartment-id": "<compartment_OCID>",
                   "connection-state": "REJECT",
                   "defined-tags": {
                        "Oracle-Tags": {
                             "CreatedBy": "user",
                             "CreatedOn": "2023-06-21T16:16:18.391Z"
                        }
                   },
                   "display-name": "some text",
                   "freeform-tags": {},
                   "id": "<infrastructure_OCID>",
                   "lifecycle-state": "ACTIVE",
                   "short-name": "<infrastructure_SHORTNAME>",
                   "subnet-id": "<subnet_OCID>",
                   "system-tags": {},
                   "time-created": "2023-06-21T16:16:18.604000+00:00"
              }
         ]
    }
   }


Description
-----------

Lists all Compute Cloud@Customer infrastructures with a specified
display name.


Command
-------

    oci ccc infrastructure list -c <compartment_OCID> --display-name 'TestInfrastructure'


Output
------

   {
    "data": {
         "items": [
              {
                   "compartment-id": "<compartment_OCID>",
                   "connection-state": "REJECT",
                   "defined-tags": {
                        "Oracle-Tags": {
                             "CreatedBy": "user",
                             "CreatedOn": "2023-07-28T12:53:26.934Z"
                        }
                   },
                   "display-name": "TestInfrastructure",
                   "freeform-tags": {},
                   "id": "<infrastructure_OCID>",
                   "lifecycle-state": "ACTIVE",
                   "short-name": "<infrastructure_SHORTNAME>",
                   "subnet-id": "<subnet_OCID>",
                   "system-tags": {},
                   "time-created": "2023-07-28T12:53:27.141000+00:00"
              }
         ]
    },
    "opc-next-page": "AAAAAAAAAAJleUpyYVdRaU9pSXhOVFlpTENKbGJtTWlPaUpCTWpVMlIwTk5JaXdpWVd4bklqb2laR2x5SW4wLi5KbUdseTd1bEZDTnhic1hhLmRhUEJDN3ItVGdBcDgwVlNvSFBNeVRfX2ZwR0N2d213QTVFVHFxbU9NcTNJVml4NDZzbDExX1lOdWJ0LTU1NTBhNlp5eDlnbjRPb1NqQnRTR2JTb0U4Mmg1eWtyd3g4R0g0d3UteXY0UFBVR2t0ZzhLQzB1T0x3YzZ5RU55N1c4WDdoeHpTN3p2ZWVWZGhHSDNQV3NjNDlNVVNSQlNwM21HSnMyWTFaQzlaRU5DUVhyZmNMelFxaDNDaWNQMUpwQkI1WnBmb1d1Y2p4SnFpbmFIV3hGejc1ZGt3ckhtOVM2ZFRfekpLdGFTZnRSZFRXOHlkMmJsTFJhSWt2MjRxMDlDUUo3djQxM1A3LUFvU2RnX3BMS281TjRFSkxwRnZ2RWZ2V29fZVdRdXdLYUU2WUxOYkI5c3dOXzN5VmdBb29md2ozSDQ1T2wwSkh3VXhkUUhDZkdQOTE2NUZRNGpDVFpwZUIxeVlqQTE4N1JubXQ4bXhGV0kwcExhS2VvcXdTQkhMdm1iZVF1Nk4xczVwUEhyRER5Wkx6RjVxU2JyNXBnWDVZLVo1TnhYTlZ5UURLcWtKWDZyN0ZkTC1KRG5wVjI1YkFKS2dRYTl2c29xcVAtQlYxekFVb1E2RHI1eEoxLUFTZGdRT1U5MzNCZi1hZ0RSbi1iWFJoNEd4YnR3QU1YRFpGdXdQTFFqYTZmRXNPYVJfWmZwUldJQjh0bm1VeFpPVW9RM3d4Z21rXzE4T3o5dDlBVjVFWHNXakJEVWlVeEFwY01GeXdlODE2ZVdyYlhCaWllbllQVVJMZ0t1OUoyOG1XeHZqYUdZazV5dlhvZDZPbHljeTFHR2RoMmlnNlktVjgtendWV3BseFlXWXgzM3RfYV9KWkZCUVdpbU9Ub003YTM3TWNaUV8xQk80WVFERmg3R2tNVXZjWDlaUS5RMEU5R05fTldjdmF1NmpXVjVIekRR"
   }
