"import"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Import technical objects to a Data Asset


Usage
=====

   oci data-catalog data-asset import [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--catalog-id [text]

Unique catalog identifier.

--data-asset-key [text]

Unique data asset key.

--import-file-contents [text]

The file contents to be imported. File size not to exceed 10 MB.

--import-type [text]

Type of import.

Accepted values are:

   ALL, CUSTOM_PROPERTY_VALUES


Optional Parameters
===================

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--is-missing-value-ignored [boolean]

Specify whether to ignore the missing values in the import file.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/data-catalog/catalog/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export data_asset_key=<substitute-value-of-data_asset_key> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/data-catalog/data-asset/import.html#cmdoption-data-asset-key
       export import_file_contents=<substitute-value-of-import_file_contents> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/data-catalog/data-asset/import.html#cmdoption-import-file-contents
       export import_type=<substitute-value-of-import_type> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/data-catalog/data-asset/import.html#cmdoption-import-type

       catalog_id=$(oci data-catalog catalog create --compartment-id $compartment_id --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci data-catalog data-asset import --catalog-id $catalog_id --data-asset-key $data_asset_key --import-file-contents $import_file_contents --import-type $import_type
