"change-disaster-recovery-configuration"
****************************************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

This operation updates the cross-region disaster recovery (DR) details
of the standby Autonomous Database Serverless database, and must be
run on the standby side.


Usage
=====

   oci db autonomous-database change-disaster-recovery-configuration [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--autonomous-database-id [text]

The database OCID.


Optional Parameters
===================

--disaster-recovery-type [text]

Indicates the disaster recovery (DR) type of the Autonomous Database
Serverless instance. Autonomous Data Guard (ADG) DR type provides
business critical DR with a faster recovery time objective (RTO)
during failover or switchover. Backup-based DR type provides lower
cost DR with a slower RTO during failover or switchover.

Accepted values are:

   ADG, BACKUP_BASED

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--if-match [text]

For optimistic concurrency control. In the PUT or DELETE call for a
resource, set the *if-match* parameter to the value of the etag from a
previous GET or POST response for that resource.  The resource will be
updated or deleted only if the etag you provide matches the resource’s
current etag value.

--is-replicate-automatic-backups [boolean]

If true, 7 days worth of backups are replicated across regions for
Cross-Region ADB or Backup-Based DR between Primary and Standby. If
false, the backups taken on the Primary are not replicated to the
Standby database.

--is-snapshot-standby [boolean]

Indicates if user wants to convert to a snapshot standby. For example,
true would set a standby database to snapshot standby database. False
would set a snapshot standby database back to regular standby
database.

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the resource to reach the lifecycle state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation creates, modifies or deletes a resource that has a
defined lifecycle state. Specify this option to perform the action and
then wait until the resource reaches a given lifecycle state. Multiple
states can be specified, returning on the first state. For example, "
--wait-for-state" SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on
whichever lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a
return code of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1
is returned.

Accepted values are:

   AVAILABLE, AVAILABLE_NEEDS_ATTENTION, BACKUP_IN_PROGRESS, INACCESSIBLE, MAINTENANCE_IN_PROGRESS, PROVISIONING, RECREATING, RESTARTING, RESTORE_FAILED, RESTORE_IN_PROGRESS, ROLE_CHANGE_IN_PROGRESS, SCALE_IN_PROGRESS, STANDBY, STARTING, STOPPED, STOPPING, TERMINATED, TERMINATING, UNAVAILABLE, UPDATING, UPGRADING

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the resource has
reached the lifecycle state defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to
30 seconds.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/autonomous-database/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export db_name=<substitute-value-of-db_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/autonomous-database/create.html#cmdoption-db-name

       autonomous_database_id=$(oci db autonomous-database create --compartment-id $compartment_id --db-name $db_name --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci db autonomous-database change-disaster-recovery-configuration --autonomous-database-id $autonomous_database_id
