"list"
******

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Gets a list of Autonomous Databases based on the query parameters
specified.


Usage
=====

   oci db autonomous-database list [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The compartment OCID.


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--autonomous-container-database-id [text]

The Autonomous Container Database OCID.

--db-version [text]

A filter to return only autonomous database resources that match the
specified dbVersion.

--db-workload [text]

A filter to return only autonomous database resources that match the
specified workload type.

Accepted values are:

   AJD, APEX, DW, OLTP

--display-name [text]

A filter to return only resources that match the entire display name
given. The match is not case sensitive.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--infrastructure-type [text]

A filter to return only resources that match the given Infrastructure
Type.

Accepted values are:

   CLOUD, CLOUD_AT_CUSTOMER

--is-data-guard-enabled [boolean]

A filter to return only resources that have Data Guard enabled.

--is-free-tier [boolean]

Filter on the value of the resource’s ‘isFreeTier’ property. A value
of *true* returns only Always Free resources. A value of *false*
excludes Always Free resources from the returned results. Omitting
this parameter returns both Always Free and paid resources.

--is-refreshable-clone [boolean]

Filter on the value of the resource’s ‘isRefreshableClone’ property. A
value of *true* returns only refreshable clones. A value of *false*
excludes refreshable clones from the returned results. Omitting this
parameter returns both refreshable clones and databases that are not
refreshable clones.

--is-resource-pool-leader [boolean]

Filter if the resource is the resource pool leader. A value of *true*
returns only resource pool leader.

--lifecycle-state [text]

A filter to return only resources that match the given lifecycle state
exactly.

Accepted values are:

   AVAILABLE, AVAILABLE_NEEDS_ATTENTION, BACKUP_IN_PROGRESS, INACCESSIBLE, MAINTENANCE_IN_PROGRESS, PROVISIONING, RECREATING, RESTARTING, RESTORE_FAILED, RESTORE_IN_PROGRESS, ROLE_CHANGE_IN_PROGRESS, SCALE_IN_PROGRESS, STANDBY, STARTING, STOPPED, STOPPING, TERMINATED, TERMINATING, UNAVAILABLE, UPDATING, UPGRADING

--lifecycle-state-not-equal-to [text]

A filter to return only resources that not match the given lifecycle
state.

Accepted values are:

   AVAILABLE, AVAILABLE_NEEDS_ATTENTION, BACKUP_IN_PROGRESS, INACCESSIBLE, MAINTENANCE_IN_PROGRESS, PROVISIONING, RECREATING, RESTARTING, RESTORE_FAILED, RESTORE_IN_PROGRESS, ROLE_CHANGE_IN_PROGRESS, SCALE_IN_PROGRESS, STANDBY, STARTING, STOPPED, STOPPING, TERMINATED, TERMINATING, UNAVAILABLE, UPDATING, UPGRADING

--limit [integer]

The maximum number of items to return per page.

--page [text]

The pagination token to continue listing from.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--resource-pool-leader-id [text]

The database OCID of the resourcepool Leader Autonomous Database.

--sort-by [text]

The field to sort by.  You can provide one sort order (*sortOrder*).
Default order for TIMECREATED is descending.  Default order for
DISPLAYNAME is ascending. The DISPLAYNAME sort order is case
sensitive.

**Note:** If you do not include the availability domain filter, the
resources are grouped by availability domain, then sorted.

Accepted values are:

   DISPLAYNAME, TIMECREATED

--sort-order [text]

The sort order to use, either ascending (*ASC*) or descending
(*DESC*).

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/autonomous-database/list.html#cmdoption-compartment-id

       oci db autonomous-database list --compartment-id $compartment_id
