"update"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Updates one or more attributes of the specified Autonomous Database.
See the UpdateAutonomousDatabaseDetails resource for a full list of
attributes that can be updated.


Usage
=====

   oci db autonomous-database update [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--autonomous-database-id [text]

The database OCID.


Optional Parameters
===================

--admin-password [text]

The password must be between 12 and 30 characters long, and must
contain at least 1 uppercase, 1 lowercase, and 1 numeric character. It
cannot contain the double quote symbol (“) or the username “admin”,
regardless of casing. It must be different from the last four
passwords and it must not be a password used within the last 24 hours.

This cannot be used in conjunction with with OCI vault secrets
(secretId).

This cannot be updated in parallel with any of the following:
licenseModel, dbEdition, whitelistedIps, openMode, permissionLevel,
dbWorkload, privateEndpointLabel, nsgIds, dbVersion, isRefreshable,
dbName, or isFreeTier.

--are-primary-whitelisted-ips-used [boolean]

This field will be null if the Autonomous Database is not Data Guard
enabled or Access Control is disabled. *TRUE* if the Autonomous
Database has Data Guard and Access Control enabled, and the Autonomous
Database uses the primary’s IP access control list (ACL) for standby.
*FALSE* if the Autonomous Database has Data Guard and Access Control
enabled, and the Autonomous Database uses a different IP access
control list (ACL) for standby compared to primary.

--auto-refresh-frequency-in-seconds [integer]

The frequency a refreshable clone is refreshed after auto-refresh is
enabled. The minimum is 1 hour. The maximum is 7 days. The date and
time that auto-refresh is enabled is controlled by the
*timeOfAutoRefreshStart* parameter.

--auto-refresh-point-lag-in-seconds [integer]

The time, in seconds, the data of the refreshable clone lags the
primary database at the point of refresh. The minimum is 0 minutes (0
mins means refresh to the latest available timestamp). The maximum is
7 days. The lag time increases after refreshing until the next data
refresh happens.

--autonomous-maintenance-schedule-type [text]

The maintenance schedule type of the Autonomous Database Serverless.
An EARLY maintenance schedule follows a schedule applying patches
prior to the REGULAR schedule. A REGULAR maintenance schedule follows
the normal cycle

Accepted values are:

   EARLY, REGULAR

--backup-retention-period-in-days [integer]

Retention period, in days, for long-term backups

--byol-compute-count-limit [float]

The maximum number of CPUs allowed with a Bring Your Own License
(BYOL), including those used for auto-scaling, disaster recovery,
tools, etc. Any CPU usage above this limit is considered as License
Included and billed.

--compute-count [float]

The compute amount (CPUs) available to the database. Minimum and
maximum values depend on the compute model and whether the database is
an Autonomous Database Serverless instance or an Autonomous Database
on Dedicated Exadata Infrastructure. The ‘ECPU’ compute model requires
a minimum value of one, for databases in the elastic resource pool and
minimum value of two, otherwise. Required when using the
*computeModel* parameter. When using *cpuCoreCount* parameter, it is
an error to specify computeCount to a non-null value. Providing
*computeModel* and *computeCount* is the preferred method for both
OCPU and ECPU.

This cannot be updated in parallel with any of the following:
licenseModel, databaseEdition, whitelistedIps,
isMTLSConnectionRequired, openMode, permissionLevel,
privateEndpointLabel, nsgIds, dbVersion, isRefreshable, dbName,
scheduledOperations, dbToolsDetails, or isFreeTier.

--compute-model [text]

The compute model of the Autonomous Database. This is required if
using the *computeCount* parameter. If using *cpuCoreCount* then it is
an error to specify *computeModel* to a non-null value. ECPU compute
model is the recommended model and OCPU compute model is legacy.

Accepted values are:

   ECPU, OCPU

--cpu-core-count [integer]

The number of CPUs to be made available to the Autonomous
Database.<br> For Autonomous Databases on Dedicated Exadata
Infrastructure: - The CPU type (OCPUs or ECPUs) is determined by the
parent Autonomous Exadata VM Cluster’s compute model. - It is
suggested to use ‘computeCount’ parameter if you want to use
fractional value to provision less than 1 core.

**Note:** This parameter cannot be used with the *ocpuCount* or
*computeCount* parameter.

This cannot be updated in parallel with any of the following:
licenseModel, databaseEdition, whitelistedIps,
isMTLSConnectionRequired, openMode, permissionLevel,
privateEndpointLabel, nsgIds, dbVersion, isRefreshable, dbName,
scheduledOperations, dbToolsDetails, or isFreeTier.

--customer-contacts [complex type]

Customer Contacts. Setting this to an empty list removes all customer
contacts of an Oracle

This cannot be updated in parallel with any of the following:
isMTLSConnectionRequired, scheduledOperations, or dbToolsDetails.

This option is a JSON list with items of type CustomerContact.  For
documentation on CustomerContact please see our API reference: https:
//docs.cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/database/20160918/datatypes/Customer
Contact. This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The
value can be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as
a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--data-storage-size-in-gbs [integer]

Applies to dedicated Exadata infrastructure only.

The size, in gigabytes, of the data volume that will be created and
attached to the database. The maximum storage value depends on the
system shape. See Characteristics of Infrastructure Shapes for shape
details.

**Note:** This parameter cannot be used with the
*dataStorageSizeInTBs* parameter.

--data-storage-size-in-tbs [integer]

The size, in terabytes, of the data volume that will be created and
attached to the database. For Autonomous Databases on dedicated
Exadata infrastructure, the maximum storage value is determined by the
infrastructure shape. See Characteristics of Infrastructure Shapes for
shape details. A full Exadata service is allocated when the Autonomous
Database size is set to the upper limit (384 TB).

**Note:** This parameter cannot be used with the
*dataStorageSizeInGBs* parameter.

This cannot be updated in parallel with any of the following:
licenseModel, databaseEdition, whitelistedIps,
isMTLSConnectionRequired, openMode, permissionLevel,
privateEndpointLabel, nsgIds, dbVersion, isRefreshable, dbName,
scheduledOperations, dbToolsDetails, or isFreeTier.

--database-edition [text]

The Oracle Database Edition that applies to the Autonomous databases.
This parameter accepts options *STANDARD_EDITION* and
*ENTERPRISE_EDITION*.

This cannot be updated in parallel with any of the following:
cpuCoreCount, computeCount, computeModel, adminPassword,
whitelistedIps, isMTLSConnectionRequired, dbWorkload,
privateEndpointLabel, nsgIds, dbVersion, dbName, scheduledOperations,
dbToolsDetails, or isFreeTier.

--db-name [text]

New name for this Autonomous Database. For Autonomous Databases on
Dedicated Exadata Infrastructure, the name must begin with an
alphabetic character, and can contain a maximum of eight alphanumeric
characters. Special characters are not permitted. For Autonomous
Database Serverless instances, the name must begin with an alphabetic
character, and can contain a maximum of 30 alphanumeric characters.
Special characters are not permitted. The database name must be unique
in the tenancy.

This cannot be updated in parallel with any of the following:
licenseModel, dbEdition, cpuCoreCount, computeCount, computeModel,
adminPassword, whitelistedIps, isMTLSConnectionRequired, openMode,
permissionLevel, dbWorkload, privateEndpointLabel, nsgIds, dbVersion,
isRefreshable, dbName, scheduledOperations, dbToolsDetails.

--db-tools-details [complex type]

The list of database tools details.

This cannot be updated in parallel with any of the following:
licenseModel, dbEdition, cpuCoreCount, computeCount, computeModel,
whitelistedIps, isMTLSConnectionRequired, openMode, permissionLevel,
dbWorkload, privateEndpointLabel, nsgIds, dbVersion, isRefreshable,
dbName, scheduledOperations, isLocalDataGuardEnabled, or isFreeTier.

This option is a JSON list with items of type DatabaseTool.  For
documentation on DatabaseTool please see our API reference: https://d
ocs.cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/database/20160918/datatypes/DatabaseToo
l. This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value
can be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--db-version [text]

A valid Oracle Database version for Autonomous Database.

--db-workload [text]

The Autonomous Database workload type. The following values are valid:

* OLTP - indicates an Autonomous Transaction Processing database - DW
  - indicates an Autonomous Data Warehouse database - AJD - indicates
  an Autonomous JSON Database - APEX - indicates an Autonomous
  Database with the Oracle APEX Application Development workload type.

This cannot be updated in parallel with any of the following:
licenseModel, dbEdition, cpuCoreCount, computeCount, computeModel,
adminPassword, whitelistedIps, isMTLSConnectionRequired,
privateEndpointLabel, nsgIds, dbVersion, isRefreshable, dbName,
scheduledOperations, dbToolsDetails, isLocalDataGuardEnabled, or
isFreeTier.

Accepted values are:

   AJD, APEX, DW, OLTP

--defined-tags [complex type]

Defined tags for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a
namespace. For more information, see Resource Tags. This is a complex
type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a
string on the command line or passed in as a file using the
file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--display-name [text]

The user-friendly name for the Autonomous Database. The name does not
have to be unique. The display name can only be updated for Autonomous
Databases using dedicated Exadata Infrastructure. This parameter may
not be updated in parallel with dbVersion.

--encryption-key [complex type]

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--force

Perform update without prompting for confirmation.

--freeform-tags [complex type]

Free-form tags for this resource. Each tag is a simple key-value pair
with no predefined name, type, or namespace. For more information, see
Resource Tags.

Example:

   {"Department": "Finance"}

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--if-match [text]

For optimistic concurrency control. In the PUT or DELETE call for a
resource, set the *if-match* parameter to the value of the etag from a
previous GET or POST response for that resource.  The resource will be
updated or deleted only if the etag you provide matches the resource’s
current etag value.

--in-memory-percentage [integer]

The percentage of the System Global Area(SGA) assigned to In-Memory
tables in Autonomous Database. This property is applicable only to
Autonomous Databases on the Exadata Cloud@Customer platform.

--is-acl-enabled [boolean]

Indicates if the database-level access control is enabled. If
disabled, database access is defined by the network security rules. If
enabled, database access is restricted to the IP addresses defined by
the rules specified with the *whitelistedIps* property. While
specifying *whitelistedIps* rules is optional,  if database-level
access control is enabled and no rules are specified, the database
will become inaccessible. The rules can be added later using the
*UpdateAutonomousDatabase* API operation or edit option in console.
When creating a database clone, the desired access control setting
should be specified. By default, database-level access control will be
disabled for the clone.

This property is applicable only to Autonomous Databases on the
Exadata Cloud@Customer platform.

--is-auto-scaling-enabled [boolean]

Indicates whether auto scaling is enabled for the Autonomous Database
CPU core count. Setting to *TRUE* enables auto scaling. Setting to
*FALSE* disables auto scaling. The default value is *TRUE*. Auto
scaling is only available for Autonomous Database Serverless
instances.

--is-auto-scaling-for-storage-enabled [boolean]

Indicates if auto scaling is enabled for the Autonomous Database
storage. The default value is *FALSE*.

--is-backup-retention-locked [boolean]

True if the Autonomous Database is backup retention locked.

--is-data-guard-enabled [boolean]

** Deprecated. ** Indicates whether the Autonomous Database has a
local (in-region) standby database. Not applicable when creating a
cross-region Autonomous Data Guard associations, or to Autonomous
Databases using dedicated Exadata infrastructure or Exadata
Cloud@Customer infrastructure.

To create a local standby, set to *TRUE*. To delete a local standby,
set to *FALSE*. For more information on using Autonomous Data Guard on
an Autonomous Database Serverless instance (local and cross-region) ,
see About Standby Databases

To enable cross-region Autonomous Data Guard on an Autonomous Database
Serverless instance, see Enable Autonomous Data Guard.

To delete a cross-region standby database, provide the *peerDbId* for
the standby database in a remote region, and set *isDataGuardEnabled*
to *FALSE*.

--is-dev-tier [boolean]

Autonomous Database for Developers are fixed-shape Autonomous
Databases that developers can use to build and test new applications.
On Serverless, these are low-cost and billed per instance, on
Dedicated and Cloud@Customer there is no additional cost to create
Developer databases. Developer databases come with limited resources
and is not intended for large-scale testing and production
deployments. When you need more compute or storage resources, you may
upgrade to a full paid production database.

--is-disconnect-peer [boolean]

If true, this will disconnect the Autonomous Database from its peer
and the Autonomous Database can work permanently as a standalone
database.

To disconnect a cross region standby, please also provide the OCID of
the standby database in the *peerDbId* parameter.

--is-free-tier [boolean]

Indicates if this is an Always Free resource. The default value is
false. Note that Always Free Autonomous Databases have 1 CPU and 20GB
of memory. For Always Free databases, memory and CPU cannot be scaled.

This cannot be updated in parallel with any of the following:
licenseModel, dbEdition, cpuCoreCount, computeCount, computeModel,
adminPassword, whitelistedIps, isMTLSConnectionRequired, openMode,
permissionLevel, privateEndpointLabel, nsgIds, dbVersion,
isRefreshable, dbName, scheduledOperations, dbToolsDetails, or
isLocalDataGuardEnabled

--is-local-data-guard-enabled [boolean]

Indicates whether the Autonomous Database has a local (in-region)
standby database. Not applicable when creating a cross-region
Autonomous Data Guard associations, or to Autonomous Databases using
dedicated Exadata infrastructure or Exadata Cloud@Customer
infrastructure.

To create a local standby, set to *TRUE*. To delete a local standby,
set to *FALSE*. For more information on using Autonomous Data Guard on
an Autonomous Database Serverless instance (local and cross-region) ,
see About Standby Databases

To enable cross-region Autonomous Data Guard on an Autonomous Database
Serverless instance, see Enable Autonomous Data Guard.

This cannot be updated in parallel with any of the following:
isMTLSRequired, dbWorkload, dbVersion, isRefreshable, dbName,
scheduledOperations, dbToolsDetails, or isFreeTier.

--is-mtls-connection-required [boolean]

Specifies if the Autonomous Database requires mTLS connections.

This may not be updated in parallel with any of the following:
licenseModel, databaseEdition, cpuCoreCount, computeCount,
dataStorageSizeInTBs, whitelistedIps, openMode, permissionLevel, db-
workload, privateEndpointLabel, nsgIds, customerContacts, dbVersion,
scheduledOperations, dbToolsDetails, isLocalDataGuardEnabled, or
isFreeTier.

Service Change: The default value of the isMTLSConnectionRequired
attribute will change from true to false on July 1, 2023 in the
following APIs: - CreateAutonomousDatabase - GetAutonomousDatabase -
UpdateAutonomousDatabase Details: Prior to the July 1, 2023 change,
the isMTLSConnectionRequired attribute default value was true. This
applies to Autonomous Database Serverless. Does this impact me? If you
use or maintain custom scripts or Terraform scripts referencing the
CreateAutonomousDatabase, GetAutonomousDatabase, or
UpdateAutonomousDatabase APIs, you want to check, and possibly modify,
the scripts for the changed default value of the attribute. Should you
choose not to leave your scripts unchanged, the API calls containing
this attribute will continue to work, but the default value will
switch from true to false. How do I make this change? Using either OCI
SDKs or command line tools, update your custom scripts to explicitly
set the isMTLSConnectionRequired attribute to true.

--is-refreshable-clone [boolean]

Indicates if the Autonomous Database is a refreshable clone.

This cannot be updated in parallel with any of the following:
cpuCoreCount, computeCount, computeModel, adminPassword,
whitelistedIps, openMode, permissionLevel, dbWorkload,
privateEndpointLabel, nsgIds, dbVersion, dbName, scheduledOperations,
dbToolsDetails, isLocalDataGuardEnabled, or isFreeTier.

--license-model [text]

The Oracle license model that applies to the Oracle Autonomous
Database. Bring your own license (BYOL) allows you to apply your
current on-premises Oracle software licenses to equivalent, highly
automated Oracle services in the cloud. License Included allows you to
subscribe to new Oracle Database software licenses and the Oracle
Database service. Note that when provisioning an Autonomous Database
on dedicated Exadata infrastructure, this attribute must be null. It
is already set at the Autonomous Exadata Infrastructure level. When
provisioning an Autonomous Database Serverless  database, if a value
is not specified, the system defaults the value to
*BRING_YOUR_OWN_LICENSE*. Bring your own license (BYOL) also allows
you to select the DB edition using the optional parameter.

This cannot be updated in parallel with any of the following:
cpuCoreCount, computeCount, dataStorageSizeInTBs, adminPassword,
isMTLSConnectionRequired, dbWorkload, privateEndpointLabel, nsgIds,
dbVersion, dbName, scheduledOperations, dbToolsDetails, or isFreeTier.

Accepted values are:

   BRING_YOUR_OWN_LICENSE, LICENSE_INCLUDED

--local-adg-auto-failover-max-data-loss-limit [integer]

Parameter that allows users to select an acceptable maximum data loss
limit in seconds, up to which Automatic Failover will be triggered
when necessary for a Local Autonomous Data Guard

--long-term-backup-schedule [complex type]

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the resource to reach the lifecycle state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--nsg-ids [complex type]

The list of OCIDs for the network security groups (NSGs) to which this
resource belongs. Setting this to an empty list removes all resources
from all NSGs. For more information about NSGs, see Security Rules.
**NsgIds restrictions:** - A network security group (NSG) is optional
for Autonomous Databases with private access. The nsgIds list can be
empty. This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The
value can be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as
a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--ocpu-count [float]

The number of OCPU cores to be made available to the Autonomous
Database.

For Autonomous Databases on Dedicated Exadata Infrastructure, you can
specify a fractional value for this parameter. Fractional values are
not supported for Autonomous Database Serverless instances. For
Autonomous Database Serverless instances, this parameter is not used.

To provision less than 1 core, enter a fractional value in an
increment of 0.1. To provision 1 or more cores, you must enter an
integer between 1 and the maximum number of cores available to the
infrastructure shape. For example, you can provision 0.3 or 0.4 cores,
but not 0.35 cores. Likewise, you can provision 2 cores or 3 cores,
but not 2.5 cores. The maximum number of cores is determined by the
infrastructure shape. See Characteristics of Infrastructure Shapes for
shape details.

**Note:** This parameter cannot be used with the *cpuCoreCount*
parameter.

--open-mode [text]

Indicates the Autonomous Database mode. The database can be opened in
*READ_ONLY* or *READ_WRITE* mode.

This cannot be updated in parallel with any of the following:
cpuCoreCount, computeCount, computeModel, adminPassword,
whitelistedIps, isMTLSConnectionRequired, dbVersion, isRefreshable,
dbName, scheduledOperations, dbToolsDetails, or isFreeTier.

Accepted values are:

   READ_ONLY, READ_WRITE

--peer-db-id [text]

The database OCID(/Content/General/Concepts/identifiers.htm) of the
Disaster Recovery peer (source Primary) database, which is located in
a different (remote) region from the current peer database.

To create or delete a local (in-region) standby, see the
*isDataGuardEnabled* parameter.

--permission-level [text]

The Autonomous Database permission level. Restricted mode allows
access only by admin users.

This cannot be updated in parallel with any of the following:
cpuCoreCount, computeCount, computeModel, adminPassword,
whitelistedIps, isMTLSConnectionRequired, nsgIds, dbVersion,
isRefreshable, dbName, scheduledOperations, dbToolsDetails, or
isFreeTier.

Accepted values are:

   RESTRICTED, UNRESTRICTED

--private-endpoint-ip [text]

The private endpoint Ip address for the resource.

--private-endpoint-label [text]

The resource’s private endpoint label. - Setting the endpoint label to
a non-empty string creates a private endpoint database. - Resetting
the endpoint label to an empty string, after the creation of the
private endpoint database, changes the private endpoint database to a
public endpoint database. - Setting the endpoint label to a non-empty
string value, updates to a new private endpoint database, when the
database is disabled and re-enabled.

This setting cannot be updated in parallel with any of the following:
licenseModel, dbEdition, cpuCoreCount, computeCount, computeModel,
adminPassword, whitelistedIps, isMTLSConnectionRequired, dbWorkload,
dbVersion, isRefreshable, dbName, scheduledOperations, dbToolsDetails,
or isFreeTier.

--refreshable-mode [text]

The refresh mode of the clone. AUTOMATIC indicates that the clone is
automatically being refreshed with data from the source Autonomous
Database.

Accepted values are:

   AUTOMATIC, MANUAL

--resource-pool-leader-id [text]

The unique identifier for leader autonomous database OCID OCID.

--resource-pool-summary [complex type]

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--scheduled-operations [complex type]

The list of scheduled operations. Consists of values such as
dayOfWeek, scheduledStartTime, scheduledStopTime.

This cannot be updated in parallel with any of the following:
licenseModel, dbEdition, cpuCoreCount, computeCount, computeModel,
whitelistedIps, isMTLSConnectionRequired, openMode, permissionLevel,
dbWorkload, privateEndpointLabel, nsgIds, dbVersion, isRefreshable,
dbName, dbToolsDetails, isLocalDataGuardEnabled, or isFreeTier.

This option is a JSON list with items of type
ScheduledOperationDetails.  For documentation on
ScheduledOperationDetails please see our API reference: https://docs.
cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/database/20160918/datatypes/ScheduledOperat
ionDetails. This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The
value can be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as
a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--secret-id [text]

The OCI vault secret [/Content/General/Concepts/identifiers.htm]OCID.
This cannot be used in conjunction with adminPassword.

--secret-version-number [integer]

The version of the vault secret. If no version is specified, the
latest version will be used.

--security-attributes [complex type]

Security Attributes for this resource. Each key is predefined and
scoped to a namespace. For more information, see Resource Tags.
Example: *{“Oracle-ZPR”: {“MaxEgressCount”: {“value”: “42”, “mode”:
“audit”}}}* This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The
value can be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as
a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--standby-whitelisted-ips [complex type]

The client IP access control list (ACL). This feature is available for
Autonomous Database Serverless  and on Exadata Cloud@Customer. Only
clients connecting from an IP address included in the ACL may access
the Autonomous Database instance. If *arePrimaryWhitelistedIpsUsed* is
‘TRUE’ then Autonomous Database uses this primary’s IP access control
list (ACL) for the disaster recovery peer called
*standbywhitelistedips*.

For Autonomous Database Serverless, this is an array of CIDR
(classless inter-domain routing) notations for a subnet or VCN OCID
(virtual cloud network Oracle Cloud ID). Multiple IPs and VCN OCIDs
should be separate strings separated by commas, but if it’s other
configurations that need multiple pieces of information then its each
piece is connected with semicolon (;) as a delimiter. Example: *[“1.1
.1.1”,”1.1.1.0/24”,”ocid1.vcn.oc1.sea.<unique_id>”,”ocid1.vcn.oc1.sea
.<unique_id1>;1.1.1.1”,”ocid1.vcn.oc1.sea.<unique_id2>;1.1.0.0/16”]*
For Exadata Cloud@Customer, this is an array of IP addresses or CIDR
notations. Example: *[“1.1.1.1”,”1.1.1.0/24”,”1.1.2.25”]*

For an update operation, if you want to delete all the IPs in the ACL,
use an array with a single empty string entry.

This cannot be updated in parallel with any of the following:
licenseModel, dbEdition, cpuCoreCount, computeCount, computeModel,
adminPassword, isMTLSConnectionRequired, openMode, permissionLevel,
dbWorkload, dbVersion, isRefreshable, dbName, scheduledOperations,
dbToolsDetails, isLocalDataGuardEnabled, or isFreeTier. This is a
complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided
as a string on the command line or passed in as a file using the
file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--subnet-id [text]

The OCID of the subnet the resource is associated with.

**Subnet Restrictions:** - For bare metal DB systems and for single
node virtual machine DB systems, do not use a subnet that overlaps
with 192.168.16.16/28. - For Exadata and virtual machine 2-node RAC
systems, do not use a subnet that overlaps with 192.168.128.0/20. -
For Autonomous Database, setting this will disable public secure
access to the database.

These subnets are used by the Oracle Clusterware private interconnect
on the database instance. Specifying an overlapping subnet will cause
the private interconnect to malfunction. This restriction applies to
both the client subnet and the backup subnet.

--time-of-auto-refresh-start [datetime]

The the date and time that auto-refreshing will begin for an
Autonomous Database refreshable clone. This value controls only the
start time for the first refresh operation. Subsequent (ongoing)
refresh operations have start times controlled by the value of the
*autoRefreshFrequencyInSeconds* parameter.

   The following datetime formats are supported:


UTC with microseconds
---------------------

   Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.ssssssTZD
   Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00.123456Z

   UTC with milliseconds
   ***********************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.sssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00.123Z

   UTC without milliseconds
   **************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00Z

   UTC with minute precision
   **************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mmTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T20:30Z


Timezone with microseconds
--------------------------

   Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
   Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456789-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456789-0800

   Timezone with milliseconds
   ***************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456-0800

   Timezone without milliseconds
   *******************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00-0800

   Timezone with minute precision
   *******************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mmTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T12:30-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30-0800

   Short date and time
   ********************
   The timezone for this date and time will be taken as UTC (Needs to be surrounded by single or double quotes)

   .. code::

       Format: 'YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm' or "YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm"
       Example: '2017-09-15 17:25'

   Date Only
   **********
   This date will be taken as midnight UTC of that day

   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DD
       Example: 2017-09-15

   Epoch seconds
   **************
   .. code::

       Example: 1412195400

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation creates, modifies or deletes a resource that has a
defined lifecycle state. Specify this option to perform the action and
then wait until the resource reaches a given lifecycle state. Multiple
states can be specified, returning on the first state. For example, "
--wait-for-state" SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on
whichever lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a
return code of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1
is returned.

Accepted values are:

   AVAILABLE, AVAILABLE_NEEDS_ATTENTION, BACKUP_IN_PROGRESS, INACCESSIBLE, MAINTENANCE_IN_PROGRESS, PROVISIONING, RECREATING, RESTARTING, RESTORE_FAILED, RESTORE_IN_PROGRESS, ROLE_CHANGE_IN_PROGRESS, SCALE_IN_PROGRESS, STANDBY, STARTING, STOPPED, STOPPING, TERMINATED, TERMINATING, UNAVAILABLE, UPDATING, UPGRADING

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the resource has
reached the lifecycle state defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to
30 seconds.

--whitelisted-ips [complex type]

The client IP access control list (ACL). This feature is available for
Autonomous Database Serverless  and on Exadata Cloud@Customer. Only
clients connecting from an IP address included in the ACL may access
the Autonomous Database instance. If *arePrimaryWhitelistedIpsUsed* is
‘TRUE’ then Autonomous Database uses this primary’s IP access control
list (ACL) for the disaster recovery peer called
*standbywhitelistedips*.

For Autonomous Database Serverless, this is an array of CIDR
(classless inter-domain routing) notations for a subnet or VCN OCID
(virtual cloud network Oracle Cloud ID). Multiple IPs and VCN OCIDs
should be separate strings separated by commas, but if it’s other
configurations that need multiple pieces of information then its each
piece is connected with semicolon (;) as a delimiter. Example: *[“1.1
.1.1”,”1.1.1.0/24”,”ocid1.vcn.oc1.sea.<unique_id>”,”ocid1.vcn.oc1.sea
.<unique_id1>;1.1.1.1”,”ocid1.vcn.oc1.sea.<unique_id2>;1.1.0.0/16”]*
For Exadata Cloud@Customer, this is an array of IP addresses or CIDR
notations. Example: *[“1.1.1.1”,”1.1.1.0/24”,”1.1.2.25”]*

For an update operation, if you want to delete all the IPs in the ACL,
use an array with a single empty string entry.

This cannot be updated in parallel with any of the following:
licenseModel, dbEdition, cpuCoreCount, computeCount, computeModel,
adminPassword, isMTLSConnectionRequired, openMode, permissionLevel,
dbWorkload, dbVersion, isRefreshable, dbName, scheduledOperations,
dbToolsDetails, isLocalDataGuardEnabled, or isFreeTier. This is a
complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided
as a string on the command line or passed in as a file using the
file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/autonomous-database/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export db_name=<substitute-value-of-db_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/autonomous-database/create.html#cmdoption-db-name

       autonomous_database_id=$(oci db autonomous-database create --compartment-id $compartment_id --db-name $db_name --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci db autonomous-database update --autonomous-database-id $autonomous_database_id
