"list"
******

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Lists the Exadata storage servers for the specified Exadata
infrastructure.


Usage
=====

   oci database-management external-exadata-storage-server list [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment.

--external-exadata-infrastructure-id [text]

The OCID of the Exadata infrastructure.


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--display-name [text]

The optional single value query filter parameter on the entity display
name.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--limit [integer]

The maximum number of records returned in the paginated response.

--page [text]

The page token representing the page from where the next set of
paginated results are retrieved. This is usually retrieved from a
previous list call.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--sort-by [text]

The field to sort information by. Only one sortOrder can be used. The
default sort order for ‘TIMECREATED’ is descending and the default
sort order for ‘NAME’ is ascending. The ‘NAME’ sort order is case-
sensitive.

Accepted values are:

   NAME, TIMECREATED

--sort-order [text]

The option to sort information in ascending (‘ASC’) or descending
(‘DESC’) order. Ascending order is the default order.

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy and paste the following example into a JSON file, replacing the
example parameters with your own.

       oci database-management external-exadata-infrastructure create --generate-param-json-input db-system-ids > db-system-ids.json

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/database-management/external-exadata-infrastructure/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export display_name=<substitute-value-of-display_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/database-management/external-exadata-infrastructure/create.html#cmdoption-display-name

       external_exadata_infrastructure_id=$(oci database-management external-exadata-infrastructure create --compartment-id $compartment_id --db-system-ids file://db-system-ids.json --display-name $display_name --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci database-management external-exadata-storage-server list --compartment-id $compartment_id --external-exadata-infrastructure-id $external_exadata_infrastructure_id
