"get"
*****

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Gets a Alarm Condition by identifier.


Usage
=====

   oci stack-monitoring alarm-condition get [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--alarm-condition-id [text]

The OCID of the alarm condition.

--monitoring-template-id [text]

The OCID of the monitoring template.


Optional Parameters
===================

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy and paste the following example into a JSON file, replacing the
example parameters with your own.

       oci stack-monitoring monitoring-template create --generate-param-json-input destinations > destinations.json
       oci stack-monitoring monitoring-template create --generate-param-json-input members > members.json

       oci stack-monitoring alarm-condition create --generate-param-json-input conditions > conditions.json

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/stack-monitoring/resource-type/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export display_name=<substitute-value-of-display_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/stack-monitoring/monitoring-template/create.html#cmdoption-display-name
       export name=<substitute-value-of-name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/stack-monitoring/resource-type/create.html#cmdoption-name
       export condition_type=<substitute-value-of-condition_type> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/stack-monitoring/alarm-condition/create.html#cmdoption-condition-type
       export metric_name=<substitute-value-of-metric_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/stack-monitoring/alarm-condition/create.html#cmdoption-metric-name
       export namespace=<substitute-value-of-namespace> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/stack-monitoring/alarm-condition/create.html#cmdoption-namespace

       monitoring_template_id=$(oci stack-monitoring monitoring-template create --compartment-id $compartment_id --destinations file://destinations.json --display-name $display_name --members file://members.json --query data.id --raw-output)

       resource_type_id=$(oci stack-monitoring resource-type create --compartment-id $compartment_id --name $name --query data.id --raw-output)

       alarm_condition_id=$(oci stack-monitoring alarm-condition create --condition-type $condition_type --conditions file://conditions.json --metric-name $metric_name --monitoring-template-id $monitoring_template_id --namespace $namespace --resource-type $resource_type --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci stack-monitoring alarm-condition get --alarm-condition-id $alarm_condition_id --monitoring-template-id $monitoring_template_id
