"update"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Update a Alarm Condition by identifier


Usage
=====

   oci stack-monitoring alarm-condition update [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--alarm-condition-id [text]

The OCID of the alarm condition.

--monitoring-template-id [text]

The OCID of the monitoring template.


Optional Parameters
===================

--composite-type [text]

The OCID of composite resource type like EBS/PEOPLE_SOFT.

--condition-type [text]

Type of defined monitoring template.

Accepted values are:

   AVAILABILITY, FIXED

--conditions [complex type]

Monitoring template conditions

This option is a JSON list with items of type Condition.  For
documentation on Condition please see our API reference: https://docs
.cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/stackmonitoring/20210330/datatypes/Conditi
on. This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value
can be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--defined-tags [complex type]

Defined tags for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a
namespace. Example: *{“foo-namespace”: {“bar-key”: “value”}}* This is
a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be
provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file using
the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--force

Perform update without prompting for confirmation.

--freeform-tags [complex type]

Simple key-value pair that is applied without any predefined name,
type or scope. Exists for cross-compatibility only. Example: *{“bar-
key”: “value”}* This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON.
The value can be provided as a string on the command line or passed in
as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--if-match [text]

For optimistic concurrency control. In the PUT or DELETE call for a
resource, set the *if-match* parameter to the value of the etag from a
previous GET or POST response for that resource. The resource will be
updated or deleted only if the etag you provide matches the resource’s
current etag value.

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the resource to reach the lifecycle state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--metric-name [text]

The metric name.

--namespace [text]

The stack monitoring service or application emitting the metric that
is evaluated by the alarm.

--resource-type [text]

The resource type OCID.

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation creates, modifies or deletes a resource that has a
defined lifecycle state. Specify this option to perform the action and
then wait until the resource reaches a given lifecycle state. Multiple
states can be specified, returning on the first state. For example, "
--wait-for-state" SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on
whichever lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a
return code of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1
is returned.

Accepted values are:

   ACTIVE, CREATING, DELETED, INACTIVE, UPDATING

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the resource has
reached the lifecycle state defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to
30 seconds.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy and paste the following example into a JSON file, replacing the
example parameters with your own.

       oci stack-monitoring monitoring-template create --generate-param-json-input destinations > destinations.json
       oci stack-monitoring monitoring-template create --generate-param-json-input members > members.json

       oci stack-monitoring alarm-condition create --generate-param-json-input conditions > conditions.json

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/stack-monitoring/resource-type/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export display_name=<substitute-value-of-display_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/stack-monitoring/monitoring-template/create.html#cmdoption-display-name
       export name=<substitute-value-of-name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/stack-monitoring/resource-type/create.html#cmdoption-name
       export condition_type=<substitute-value-of-condition_type> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/stack-monitoring/alarm-condition/create.html#cmdoption-condition-type
       export metric_name=<substitute-value-of-metric_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/stack-monitoring/alarm-condition/create.html#cmdoption-metric-name
       export namespace=<substitute-value-of-namespace> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/stack-monitoring/alarm-condition/create.html#cmdoption-namespace

       monitoring_template_id=$(oci stack-monitoring monitoring-template create --compartment-id $compartment_id --destinations file://destinations.json --display-name $display_name --members file://members.json --query data.id --raw-output)

       resource_type_id=$(oci stack-monitoring resource-type create --compartment-id $compartment_id --name $name --query data.id --raw-output)

       alarm_condition_id=$(oci stack-monitoring alarm-condition create --condition-type $condition_type --conditions file://conditions.json --metric-name $metric_name --monitoring-template-id $monitoring_template_id --namespace $namespace --resource-type $resource_type --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci stack-monitoring alarm-condition update --alarm-condition-id $alarm_condition_id --monitoring-template-id $monitoring_template_id
