"put"
*****

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Replace Authentication Factor Settings

The top level –endpoint parameter must be supplied for this operation.


Usage
=====

   oci identity-domains authentication-factor-setting put [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--authentication-factor-setting-id [text]

ID of the resource

--bypass-code-enabled [boolean]

If true, indicates that Bypass Code is enabled for authentication

**SCIM++ Properties:**  - idcsSearchable: false  - multiValued: false
- mutability: readWrite  - required: true  - returned: default  -
type: boolean  - uniqueness: none

--bypass-code-settings [complex type]

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--client-app-settings [complex type]

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--compliance-policy [complex type]

Compliance Policy that defines actions to be taken when a condition is
violated

**SCIM++ Properties:**  - idcsCompositeKey: [name]  - idcsSearchable:
false  - multiValued: true  - mutability: readWrite  - required: true
- returned: default  - type: complex  - uniqueness: none This is a
complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided
as a string on the command line or passed in as a file using the
file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--endpoint-restrictions [complex type]

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--mfa-enrollment-type [text]

Specifies if Multi-Factor Authentication enrollment is mandatory or
optional for a user

**Deprecated Since: 18.1.2**

**SCIM++ Properties:**  - idcsCanonicalValueSourceFilter: attrName eq
“mfaEnrollmentType” and attrValues.value eq “$(mfaEnrollmentType)”  -
idcsCanonicalValueSourceResourceType: AllowedValue  - idcsSearchable:
false  - multiValued: false  - mutability: readWrite  - required: true
- returned: default  - type: string  - uniqueness: none

--notification-settings [complex type]

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--push-enabled [boolean]

If true, indicates that the Mobile App Push Notification channel is
enabled for authentication

**SCIM++ Properties:**  - idcsSearchable: false  - multiValued: false
- mutability: readWrite  - required: true  - returned: default  -
type: boolean  - uniqueness: none

--schemas [complex type]

REQUIRED. The schemas attribute is an array of Strings which allows
introspection of the supported schema version for a SCIM
representation as well any schema extensions supported by that
representation. Each String value must be a unique URI. This
specification defines URIs for User, Group, and a standard
“enterprise” extension. All representations of SCIM schema MUST
include a non-zero value array with value(s) of the URIs supported by
that representation. Duplicate values MUST NOT be included. Value
order is not specified and MUST not impact behavior.

**SCIM++ Properties:**  - caseExact: false  - idcsSearchable: false  -
multiValued: true  - mutability: readWrite  - required: true  -
returned: default  - type: string  - uniqueness: none This is a
complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided
as a string on the command line or passed in as a file using the
file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--security-questions-enabled [boolean]

If true, indicates that Security Questions are enabled for
authentication

**SCIM++ Properties:**  - idcsSearchable: false  - multiValued: false
- mutability: readWrite  - required: true  - returned: default  -
type: boolean  - uniqueness: none

--sms-enabled [boolean]

If true, indicates that the Short Message Service (SMS) channel is
enabled for authentication

**SCIM++ Properties:**  - idcsSearchable: false  - multiValued: false
- mutability: readWrite  - required: true  - returned: default  -
type: boolean  - uniqueness: none

--totp-enabled [boolean]

If true, indicates that the Mobile App One Time Passcode channel is
enabled for authentication

**SCIM++ Properties:**  - idcsSearchable: false  - multiValued: false
- mutability: readWrite  - required: true  - returned: default  -
type: boolean  - uniqueness: none

--totp-settings [complex type]

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.


Optional Parameters
===================

--attribute-sets [text]

A multi-valued list of strings indicating the return type of attribute
definition. The specified set of attributes can be fetched by the
return type of the attribute. One or more values can be given together
to fetch more than one group of attributes. If ‘attributes’ query
parameter is also available, union of the two is fetched. Valid values
- all, always, never, request, default. Values are case-insensitive.

Accepted values are:

   all, always, default, never, request

--attributes [text]

A comma-delimited string that specifies the names of resource
attributes that should be returned in the response. By default, a
response that contains resource attributes contains only attributes
that are defined in the schema for that resource type as
returned=always or returned=default. An attribute that is defined as
returned=request is returned in a response only if the request
specifies its name in the value of this query parameter. If a request
specifies this query parameter, the response contains the attributes
that this query parameter specifies, as well as any attribute that is
defined as returned=always.

--authorization [text]

The Authorization field value consists of credentials containing the
authentication information of the user agent for the realm of the
resource being requested.

--auto-enroll-email-factor-disabled [boolean]

If true, indicates that email will not be enrolled as a MFA factor
automatically if it a account recovery factor

**Added In:** 2011192329

**SCIM++ Properties:**  - idcsSearchable: false  - multiValued: false
- mutability: readWrite  - required: false  - returned: default  -
type: boolean  - uniqueness: none

--compartment-ocid [text]

OCI Compartment Id (ocid) in which the resource lives.

**SCIM++ Properties:**  - caseExact: false  - idcsSearchable: false  -
multiValued: false  - mutability: readOnly  - required: false  -
returned: default  - type: string  - uniqueness: none

--delete-in-progress [boolean]

A boolean flag indicating this resource in the process of being
deleted. Usually set to true when synchronous deletion of the resource
would take too long.

**SCIM++ Properties:**  - caseExact: false  - idcsSearchable: true  -
multiValued: false  - mutability: readOnly  - required: false  -
returned: default  - type: boolean  - uniqueness: none

--domain-ocid [text]

OCI Domain Id (ocid) in which the resource lives.

**SCIM++ Properties:**  - caseExact: false  - idcsSearchable: false  -
multiValued: false  - mutability: readOnly  - required: false  -
returned: default  - type: string  - uniqueness: none

--email-enabled [boolean]

If true, indicates that the EMAIL channel is enabled for
authentication

**Added In:** 18.1.2

**SCIM++ Properties:**  - idcsSearchable: false  - multiValued: false
- mutability: readWrite  - required: false  - returned: default  -
type: boolean  - uniqueness: none

--email-settings [complex type]

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--ext-fido-authentication-factor-settings [complex type]

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--ext-third-party-authentication-factor-settings [complex type]

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--fido-authenticator-enabled [boolean]

If true, indicates that the Fido Authenticator channels are enabled
for authentication

**Added In:** 2009232244

**SCIM++ Properties:**  - idcsSearchable: false  - multiValued: false
- mutability: readWrite  - required: false  - returned: default  -
type: boolean  - uniqueness: none

--force

Perform update without prompting for confirmation.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--hide-backup-factor-enabled [boolean]

If true, indicates that ‘Show backup factor(s)’ button will be hidden
during authentication

**Added In:** 19.3.3

**SCIM++ Properties:**  - idcsSearchable: false  - multiValued: false
- mutability: readWrite  - required: false  - returned: default  -
type: boolean  - uniqueness: none

--id [text]

Unique identifier for the SCIM Resource as defined by the Service
Provider. Each representation of the Resource MUST include a non-empty
id value. This identifier MUST be unique across the Service Provider’s
entire set of Resources. It MUST be a stable, non-reassignable
identifier that does not change when the same Resource is returned in
subsequent requests. The value of the id attribute is always issued by
the Service Provider and MUST never be specified by the Service
Consumer. bulkId: is a reserved keyword and MUST NOT be used in the
unique identifier.

**SCIM++ Properties:**  - caseExact: false  - idcsSearchable: true  -
multiValued: false  - mutability: readOnly  - required: false  -
returned: always  - type: string  - uniqueness: global

--idcs-created-by [complex type]

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--idcs-last-modified-by [complex type]

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--idcs-last-upgraded-in-release [text]

The release number when the resource was upgraded.

**SCIM++ Properties:**  - caseExact: false  - idcsSearchable: false  -
multiValued: false  - mutability: readOnly  - required: false  -
returned: request  - type: string  - uniqueness: none

--idcs-prevented-operations [text]

Each value of this attribute specifies an operation that only an
internal client may perform on this particular resource.

**SCIM++ Properties:**  - idcsSearchable: false  - multiValued: true
- mutability: readOnly  - required: false  - returned: request  -
type: string  - uniqueness: none

Accepted values are:

   delete, replace, update

--identity-store-settings [complex type]

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--if-match [text]

Used to make the request conditional on an ETag

--meta [complex type]

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--mfa-enabled-category [text]

Specifies the category of people for whom Multi-Factor Authentication
is enabled. This is a readOnly attribute which reflects the value of
mfaEnabledCategory attribute in SsoSettings

**Deprecated Since: 18.1.2**

**SCIM++ Properties:**  - idcsSearchable: false  - multiValued: false
- mutability: readOnly  - required: false  - returned: default  -
type: string  - uniqueness: none

--ocid [text]

Unique OCI identifier for the SCIM Resource.

**SCIM++ Properties:**  - caseExact: true  - idcsSearchable: true  -
multiValued: false  - mutability: immutable  - required: false  -
returned: default  - type: string  - uniqueness: global

--phone-call-enabled [boolean]

If true, indicates that the phone (PHONE_CALL) channel is enabled for
authentication

**Added In:** 20.1.3

**SCIM++ Properties:**  - idcsSearchable: false  - multiValued: false
- mutability: readWrite  - required: false  - returned: default  -
type: boolean  - uniqueness: none

--resource-type-schema-version [text]

An endpoint-specific schema version number to use in the Request.
Allowed version values are Earliest Version or Latest Version as
specified in each REST API endpoint description, or any sequential
number inbetween. All schema attributes/body parameters are a part of
version 1. After version 1, any attributes added or deprecated will be
tagged with the version that they were added to or deprecated in. If
no version is provided, the latest schema version is returned.

--tags [complex type]

A list of tags on this resource.

**SCIM++ Properties:**  - idcsCompositeKey: [key, value]  -
idcsSearchable: true  - multiValued: true  - mutability: readWrite  -
required: false  - returned: request  - type: complex  - uniqueness:
none

This option is a JSON list with items of type Tags.  For documentation
on tags please see our API reference: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/a
pi/#/en/identitydomains/v1/datatypes/Tags. This is a complex type
whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string
on the command line or passed in as a file using the
file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--tenancy-ocid [text]

OCI Tenant Id (ocid) in which the resource lives.

**SCIM++ Properties:**  - caseExact: false  - idcsSearchable: false  -
multiValued: false  - mutability: readOnly  - required: false  -
returned: default  - type: string  - uniqueness: none

--third-party-factor [complex type]

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--user-enrollment-disabled-factors [text]

Factors for which enrollment should be blocked for End User

**Added In:** 2012271618

**SCIM++ Properties:**  - idcsSearchable: false  - multiValued: true
- mutability: readWrite  - required: false  - returned: default  -
type: string  - uniqueness: none

Accepted values are:

   EMAIL, FIDO_AUTHENTICATOR, OFFLINETOTP, PHONE_CALL, PUSH, SMS, THIRDPARTY, TOTP, VOICE, YUBICO_OTP

--yubico-otp-enabled [boolean]

If true, indicates that the Yubico OTP is enabled for authentication

**Added In:** 2109090424

**SCIM++ Properties:**  - idcsSearchable: false  - multiValued: false
- mutability: readWrite  - required: false  - returned: default  -
type: boolean  - uniqueness: none


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy and paste the following example into a JSON file, replacing the
example parameters with your own.

       oci identity-domains authentication-factor-setting put --generate-param-json-input bypass-code-settings > bypass-code-settings.json
       oci identity-domains authentication-factor-setting put --generate-param-json-input client-app-settings > client-app-settings.json
       oci identity-domains authentication-factor-setting put --generate-param-json-input compliance-policy > compliance-policy.json
       oci identity-domains authentication-factor-setting put --generate-param-json-input endpoint-restrictions > endpoint-restrictions.json
       oci identity-domains authentication-factor-setting put --generate-param-json-input notification-settings > notification-settings.json
       oci identity-domains authentication-factor-setting put --generate-param-json-input schemas > schemas.json
       oci identity-domains authentication-factor-setting put --generate-param-json-input totp-settings > totp-settings.json

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export authentication_factor_setting_id=<substitute-value-of-authentication_factor_setting_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/identity-domains/authentication-factor-setting/put.html#cmdoption-authentication-factor-setting-id
       export bypass_code_enabled=<substitute-value-of-bypass_code_enabled> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/identity-domains/authentication-factor-setting/put.html#cmdoption-bypass-code-enabled
       export mfa_enrollment_type=<substitute-value-of-mfa_enrollment_type> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/identity-domains/authentication-factor-setting/put.html#cmdoption-mfa-enrollment-type
       export push_enabled=<substitute-value-of-push_enabled> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/identity-domains/authentication-factor-setting/put.html#cmdoption-push-enabled
       export security_questions_enabled=<substitute-value-of-security_questions_enabled> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/identity-domains/authentication-factor-setting/put.html#cmdoption-security-questions-enabled
       export sms_enabled=<substitute-value-of-sms_enabled> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/identity-domains/authentication-factor-setting/put.html#cmdoption-sms-enabled
       export totp_enabled=<substitute-value-of-totp_enabled> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/identity-domains/authentication-factor-setting/put.html#cmdoption-totp-enabled

       oci identity-domains authentication-factor-setting put --authentication-factor-setting-id $authentication_factor_setting_id --bypass-code-enabled $bypass_code_enabled --bypass-code-settings file://bypass-code-settings.json --client-app-settings file://client-app-settings.json --compliance-policy file://compliance-policy.json --endpoint-restrictions file://endpoint-restrictions.json --mfa-enrollment-type $mfa_enrollment_type --notification-settings file://notification-settings.json --push-enabled $push_enabled --schemas file://schemas.json --security-questions-enabled $security_questions_enabled --sms-enabled $sms_enabled --totp-enabled $totp_enabled --totp-settings file://totp-settings.json
