"create"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Creates a new compartment in the specified compartment.

Specify the parent compartment’s OCID as the compartment ID in the
request object. Remember that the tenancy is simply the root
compartment. For information about OCIDs, see Resource Identifiers.

You must also specify a *name* for the compartment, which must be
unique across all compartments in your tenancy. You can use this name
or the OCID when writing policies that apply to the compartment. For
more information about policies, see How Policies Work.

You must also specify a *description* for the compartment (although it
can be an empty string). It does not have to be unique, and you can
change it anytime with UpdateCompartment.

After you send your request, the new object’s *lifecycleState* will
temporarily be CREATING. Before using the object, first make sure its
*lifecycleState* has changed to ACTIVE.


Usage
=====

   oci iam compartment create [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the parent compartment containing the compartment.

--description [text]

The description you assign to the compartment during creation. Does
not have to be unique, and it’s changeable.

--name [text]

The name you assign to the compartment during creation. The name must
be unique across all compartments in the parent compartment. Avoid
entering confidential information.


Optional Parameters
===================

--defined-tags [complex type]

Defined tags for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a
namespace. For more information, see Resource Tags. Example:
*{“Operations”: {“CostCenter”: “42”}}* This is a complex type whose
value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the
command line or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file
syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--freeform-tags [complex type]

Free-form tags for this resource. Each tag is a simple key-value pair
with no predefined name, type, or namespace. For more information, see
Resource Tags. Example: *{“Department”: “Finance”}* This is a complex
type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a
string on the command line or passed in as a file using the
file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the resource to reach the lifecycle state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation creates, modifies or deletes a resource that has a
defined lifecycle state. Specify this option to perform the action and
then wait until the resource reaches a given lifecycle state. Multiple
states can be specified, returning on the first state. For example, "
--wait-for-state" SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on
whichever lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a
return code of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1
is returned.

Accepted values are:

   ACTIVE, CREATING, DELETED, DELETING, INACTIVE

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the resource has
reached the lifecycle state defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to
30 seconds.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"
