private-ip
**********


Description
===========

A *private IP* is a conceptual term that refers to an IPv4 private IP
address and related properties. The *privateIp* object is the API
representation of a private IP.

**Note:** For information about IPv6 addresses, see Ipv6.

Each instance has a *primary private IP* that is automatically created
and assigned to the primary VNIC during instance launch. If you add a
secondary VNIC to the instance, it also automatically gets a primary
private IP. You can’t remove a primary private IP from its VNIC. The
primary private IP is automatically deleted when the VNIC is
terminated.

You can add *secondary private IPs* to a VNIC after it’s created. For
more information, see the *privateIp* operations and also IP
Addresses.

**Note:** Only ListPrivateIps and GetPrivateIp work with *primary*
private IPs. To create and update primary private IPs, you instead
work with instance and VNIC operations. For example, a primary private
IP’s properties come from the values you specify in CreateVnicDetails
when calling either LaunchInstance or AttachVnic. To update the
hostname for a primary private IP, you use UpdateVnic.

*PrivateIp* objects that are created for use with the Oracle Cloud
VMware Solution are assigned to a VLAN and not a VNIC in a subnet. See
the descriptions of the relevant attributes in the *PrivateIp* object.
Also see Vlan.

To use any of the API operations, you must be authorized in an IAM
policy. If you’re not authorized, talk to an administrator. If you’re
an administrator who needs to write policies to give users access, see
Getting Started with Policies.


Available Commands
==================

* delete

* get

* list

* private-ip-vnic-detach

* update
