"list"
******

* Description

* Usage

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Returns a list of Vulnerability Audits based on the specified query
parameters. At least one of id, compartmentId query parameter must be
provided.


Usage
=====

   oci adm vulnerability-audit list [OPTIONS]


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--compartment-id, -c [text]

A filter to return only resources that belong to the specified
compartment identifier. Required only if the id query param is not
specified.

--display-name [text]

A filter to return only resources that match the entire display name
given.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--id [text]

A filter to return only resources that match the specified identifier.
Required only if the compartmentId query parameter is not specified.

--is-success [boolean]

A filter to return only successful or failed Vulnerability Audits.

--knowledge-base-id [text]

A filter to return only Vulnerability Audits that were created against
the specified knowledge base.

--lifecycle-state [text]

A filter to return only Vulnerability Audits that match the specified
lifecycleState.

Accepted values are:

   ACTIVE, CREATING, DELETED, DELETING, FAILED

--limit [integer]

The maximum number of items to return.

--max-observed-severity-greater-than-or-equal-to [text]

A filter that returns only Vulnerability Audits that have a maximum
observed Severity greater than or equal to the specified value.

Accepted values are:

   CRITICAL, HIGH, LOW, MEDIUM, NONE

--page [text]

A token representing the position at which to start retrieving
results. This must come from the *opc-next-page* header field of a
previous response.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--sort-by [text]

The field used to sort Vulnerability Audits. Only one sort order is
allowed. Default order for _maxObservedCvssV2Score_ is **ascending**.
Default order for _maxObservedCvssV3Score_ is **ascending**. Default
order for _maxObservedCvssV2ScoreWithIgnored_ is **ascending**.
Default order for _maxObservedCvssV3ScoreWithIgnored_ is
**ascending**. Default order for _timeCreated_ is **descending**.
Default order for _vulnerableArtifactsCount_ is **ascending**. Default
order for _vulnerableArtifactsCountWithIgnored_ is **ascending**.
Default order for _maxObservedSeverity_ is **ascending**. Default
order for _maxObservedSeverityWithIgnored_ is **ascending**. Default
order for _displayName_ is **ascending**.

Accepted values are:

   displayName, maxObservedCvssV2Score, maxObservedCvssV2ScoreWithIgnored, maxObservedCvssV3Score, maxObservedCvssV3ScoreWithIgnored, maxObservedSeverity, maxObservedSeverityWithIgnored, timeCreated, vulnerableArtifactsCount, vulnerableArtifactsCountWithIgnored

--sort-order [text]

The sort order to use, either ‘ASC’ or ‘DESC’.

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC

--time-created-greater-than-or-equal-to [datetime]

A filter to return only Vulnerability Audits with timeCreated greater
or equal to the specified value.

   The following datetime formats are supported:


UTC with microseconds
---------------------

   Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.ssssssTZD
   Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00.123456Z

   UTC with milliseconds
   ***********************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.sssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00.123Z

   UTC without milliseconds
   **************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00Z

   UTC with minute precision
   **************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mmTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T20:30Z


Timezone with microseconds
--------------------------

   Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
   Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456789-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456789-0800

   Timezone with milliseconds
   ***************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456-0800

   Timezone without milliseconds
   *******************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00-0800

   Timezone with minute precision
   *******************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mmTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T12:30-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30-0800

   Short date and time
   ********************
   The timezone for this date and time will be taken as UTC (Needs to be surrounded by single or double quotes)

   .. code::

       Format: 'YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm' or "YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm"
       Example: '2017-09-15 17:25'

   Date Only
   **********
   This date will be taken as midnight UTC of that day

   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DD
       Example: 2017-09-15

   Epoch seconds
   **************
   .. code::

       Example: 1412195400

--time-created-less-than-or-equal-to [datetime]

A filter to return only Vulnerability Audits with timeCreated less or
equal to the specified value.

   The following datetime formats are supported:


UTC with microseconds
---------------------

   Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.ssssssTZD
   Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00.123456Z

   UTC with milliseconds
   ***********************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.sssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00.123Z

   UTC without milliseconds
   **************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00Z

   UTC with minute precision
   **************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mmTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T20:30Z


Timezone with microseconds
--------------------------

   Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
   Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456789-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456789-0800

   Timezone with milliseconds
   ***************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456-0800

   Timezone without milliseconds
   *******************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00-0800

   Timezone with minute precision
   *******************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mmTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T12:30-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30-0800

   Short date and time
   ********************
   The timezone for this date and time will be taken as UTC (Needs to be surrounded by single or double quotes)

   .. code::

       Format: 'YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm' or "YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm"
       Example: '2017-09-15 17:25'

   Date Only
   **********
   This date will be taken as midnight UTC of that day

   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DD
       Example: 2017-09-15

   Epoch seconds
   **************
   .. code::

       Example: 1412195400


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       oci adm vulnerability-audit list
