"get"
*****

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Gets a certificate authority bundle that matches either the specified
*stage*, *name*, or *versionNumber* parameter. If none of these
parameters are provided, the bundle for the certificate authority
version marked as *CURRENT* will be returned.


Usage
=====

   oci certificates certificate-authority-bundle get [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--certificate-authority-id [text]

The OCID of the certificate authority (CA).


Optional Parameters
===================

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--stage [text]

The rotation state of the certificate version.

Accepted values are:

   CURRENT, DEPRECATED, LATEST, PENDING, PREVIOUS

--version-name [text]

The name of the certificate authority (CA). (This might be referred to
as the name of the CA version, as every CA consists of at least one
version.) Names are unique across versions of a given CA.

--version-number [integer]

The version number of the certificate authority (CA).


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export certificate_authority_id=<substitute-value-of-certificate_authority_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/certificates/certificate-authority-bundle/get.html#cmdoption-certificate-authority-id

       oci certificates certificate-authority-bundle get --certificate-authority-id $certificate_authority_id
