"clone-with-secret"
*******************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Clones and runs a SQL tuning task in the database.


Usage
=====

   oci database-management sql-tuning-task clone-with-secret [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--credential-details-password-secret-id [text]

The OCID of the Secret where the database password is stored.

--credential-details-role [text]

The role of the database user.

Accepted values are:

   NORMAL, SYSDBA

--credential-details-username [text]

The user name used to connect to the database.

--managed-database-id [text]

The OCID of the Managed Database.

--original-task-id [integer]

The identifier of the SQL tuning task being cloned. This is not the
OCID. It can be retrieved from the following endpoint
ListSqlTuningAdvisorTasks.

--task-name [text]

The name of the SQL tuning task. The name is unique per user in a
database, and it is case-sensitive.


Optional Parameters
===================

--database-credential [complex type]

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--task-description [text]

The description of the SQL tuning task.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export credential_details_password_secret_id=<substitute-value-of-credential_details_password_secret_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/database-management/sql-tuning-task/clone-with-secret.html#cmdoption-credential-details-password-secret-id
       export credential_details_role=<substitute-value-of-credential_details_role> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/database-management/sql-tuning-task/clone-with-secret.html#cmdoption-credential-details-role
       export credential_details_username=<substitute-value-of-credential_details_username> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/database-management/sql-tuning-task/clone-with-secret.html#cmdoption-credential-details-username
       export managed_database_id=<substitute-value-of-managed_database_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/database-management/sql-tuning-task/clone-with-secret.html#cmdoption-managed-database-id
       export original_task_id=<substitute-value-of-original_task_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/database-management/sql-tuning-task/clone-with-secret.html#cmdoption-original-task-id
       export task_name=<substitute-value-of-task_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/database-management/sql-tuning-task/clone-with-secret.html#cmdoption-task-name

       oci database-management sql-tuning-task clone-with-secret --credential-details-password-secret-id $credential_details_password_secret_id --credential-details-role $credential_details_role --credential-details-username $credential_details_username --managed-database-id $managed_database_id --original-task-id $original_task_id --task-name $task_name
