"list-recommendations"
**********************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Gets the findings and possible actions for a given object in a SQL
tuning task. The task ID and object ID are used to retrieve the
findings and recommendations.


Usage
=====

   oci database-management sql-tuning-task list-recommendations [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--execution-id [integer]

The execution ID for an execution of a SQL tuning task. This is not
the OCID.

--managed-database-id [text]

The OCID of the Managed Database.

--sql-object-id [integer]

The SQL object ID for the SQL tuning task. This is not the OCID.

--sql-tuning-advisor-task-id [integer]

The SQL tuning task identifier. This is not the OCID.


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--limit [integer]

The maximum number of records returned in the paginated response.

--opc-named-credential-id [text]

The OCID of the Named Credential.

--page [text]

The page token representing the page from where the next set of
paginated results are retrieved. This is usually retrieved from a
previous list call.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--sort-by [text]

The possible sortBy values of an object’s recommendations.

Accepted values are:

   BENEFIT, RECOMMENDATION_TYPE

--sort-order [text]

The option to sort information in ascending (‘ASC’) or descending
(‘DESC’) order. Descending order is the default order.

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export execution_id=<substitute-value-of-execution_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/database-management/sql-tuning-task/list-recommendations.html#cmdoption-execution-id
       export managed_database_id=<substitute-value-of-managed_database_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/database-management/sql-tuning-task/list-recommendations.html#cmdoption-managed-database-id
       export sql_object_id=<substitute-value-of-sql_object_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/database-management/sql-tuning-task/list-recommendations.html#cmdoption-sql-object-id
       export sql_tuning_advisor_task_id=<substitute-value-of-sql_tuning_advisor_task_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/database-management/sql-tuning-task/list-recommendations.html#cmdoption-sql-tuning-advisor-task-id

       oci database-management sql-tuning-task list-recommendations --execution-id $execution_id --managed-database-id $managed_database_id --sql-object-id $sql_object_id --sql-tuning-advisor-task-id $sql_tuning_advisor_task_id
