"action"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Performs one of the following power actions on the specified instance:

* **START** - Powers on the instance.

* **STOP** - Powers off the instance.

* **RESET** - Powers off the instance and then powers it back on.

* **SOFTSTOP** - Gracefully shuts down the instance by sending a
  shutdown command to the operating system. After waiting 15 minutes
  for the OS to shut down, the instance is powered off. If the
  applications that run on the instance take more than 15 minutes to
  shut down, they could be improperly stopped, resulting in data
  corruption. To avoid this, manually shut down the instance using the
  commands available in the OS before you softstop the instance.

* **SOFTRESET** - Gracefully reboots the instance by sending a
  shutdown command to the operating system. After waiting 15 minutes
  for the OS to shut down, the instance is powered off and then
  powered back on.

* **SENDDIAGNOSTICINTERRUPT** - For advanced users. **Warning: Sending
  a diagnostic interrupt to a live system can cause data corruption or
  system failure.** Sends a diagnostic interrupt that causes the
  instance’s OS to crash and then reboot. Before you send a diagnostic
  interrupt, you must configure the instance to generate a crash dump
  file when it crashes. The crash dump captures information about the
  state of the OS at the time of the crash. After the OS restarts, you
  can analyze the crash dump to diagnose the issue. For more
  information, see Sending a Diagnostic Interrupt.

   * **DIAGNOSTICREBOOT** - Powers off the instance, rebuilds it on
     the physical host, and then powers it back on. Before you send a
     diagnostic reboot, restart the instance’s OS, confirm that the
     instance and networking settings are configured correctly, and
     try other troubleshooting steps. Use diagnostic reboot as a final
     attempt to troubleshoot an unreachable instance. For virtual
     machine (VM) instances only. For more information, see Performing
     a Diagnostic Reboot.

   * **REBOOTMIGRATE** - Powers off the instance, moves it to new
     hardware, and then powers it back on.

   For more information about managing instance lifecycle states, see
   Stopping and Starting an Instance.


Usage
=====

   oci compute instance action [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--action [text]

The action to perform on the instance. Allowed values are: STOP,
START, SOFTRESET, RESET, SOFTSTOP, SENDDIAGNOSTICINTERRUPT,
DIAGNOSTICREBOOT, REBOOTMIGRATE

--instance-id [text]

The OCID of the instance.


Optional Parameters
===================

--allow-dense-reboot-migration [boolean]

For use with RESET and SOFTRESET actions on instances that use a
DenseIO shape, the flag denoting whether reboot migration is performed
for the instance. The default value is *false*.

If the instance has a date in the Maintenance reboot field and you do
nothing (or set this flag to *false*), the instance will be rebuilt at
the scheduled maintenance time. The instance will experience 2-6 hours
of downtime during the maintenance process. The local NVMe-based SSD
will be preserved.

If you want to minimize downtime and can delete the SSD, you can set
this flag to *true* and proactively reboot the instance before the
scheduled maintenance time. The instance will be reboot migrated to a
healthy host and the SSD will be deleted. A short downtime occurs
during the migration.

**Caution:** When *true*, the SSD is permanently deleted. We recommend
that you create a backup of the SSD before proceeding.

--delete-local-storage [boolean]

For bare metal instances that have local storage, this must be set to
true to verify that the local storage will be deleted during the
migration.  For instances without, this parameter has no effect.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--if-match [text]

For optimistic concurrency control. In the PUT or DELETE call for a
resource, set the *if-match* parameter to the value of the etag from a
previous GET or POST response for that resource. The resource will be
updated or deleted only if the etag you provide matches the resource’s
current etag value.

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the resource to reach the lifecycle state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--time-scheduled [datetime]

If present, this parameter will set (or re-set) the scheduled time
that the instance will be reboot migrated in the format defined by
RFC3339.  This will also change the timeRebootMigrationDue field on
the instance. If not present, the reboot migration will be triggered
immediately.

   The following datetime formats are supported:


UTC with microseconds
---------------------

   Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.ssssssTZD
   Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00.123456Z

   UTC with milliseconds
   ***********************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.sssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00.123Z

   UTC without milliseconds
   **************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00Z

   UTC with minute precision
   **************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mmTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T20:30Z


Timezone with microseconds
--------------------------

   Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
   Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456789-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456789-0800

   Timezone with milliseconds
   ***************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456-0800

   Timezone without milliseconds
   *******************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00-0800

   Timezone with minute precision
   *******************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mmTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T12:30-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30-0800

   Short date and time
   ********************
   The timezone for this date and time will be taken as UTC (Needs to be surrounded by single or double quotes)

   .. code::

       Format: 'YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm' or "YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm"
       Example: '2017-09-15 17:25'

   Date Only
   **********
   This date will be taken as midnight UTC of that day

   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DD
       Example: 2017-09-15

   Epoch seconds
   **************
   .. code::

       Example: 1412195400

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation creates, modifies or deletes a resource that has a
defined lifecycle state. Specify this option to perform the action and
then wait until the resource reaches a given lifecycle state. Multiple
states can be specified, returning on the first state. For example, "
--wait-for-state" SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on
whichever lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a
return code of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1
is returned.

Accepted values are:

   CREATING_IMAGE, MOVING, PROVISIONING, RUNNING, STARTING, STOPPED, STOPPING, TERMINATED, TERMINATING

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the resource has
reached the lifecycle state defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to
30 seconds.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export cidr_block=<substitute-value-of-cidr_block> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/network/vcn/create.html#cmdoption-cidr-block
       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/network/vcn/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export availability_domain=<substitute-value-of-availability_domain> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/compute/instance/launch.html#cmdoption-availability-domain
       export image_id=<substitute-value-of-image_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/compute/instance/launch.html#cmdoption-image-id
       export action=<substitute-value-of-action> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/compute/instance/action.html#cmdoption-action

       vcn_id=$(oci network vcn create --cidr-block $cidr_block --compartment-id $compartment_id --query data.id --raw-output)

       subnet_id=$(oci network subnet create --cidr-block $cidr_block --compartment-id $compartment_id --vcn-id $vcn_id --query data.id --raw-output)

       instance_id=$(oci compute instance launch --availability-domain $availability_domain --compartment-id $compartment_id --image-id $image_id --subnet-id $subnet_id --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci compute instance action --action $action --instance-id $instance_id
