"terminate"
***********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Permanently terminates (deletes) the specified instance. Any attached
VNICs and volumes are automatically detached when the instance
terminates.

To preserve the boot volume associated with the instance, specify
*true* for *PreserveBootVolumeQueryParam*. To delete the boot volume
when the instance is deleted, specify *false* or do not specify a
value for *PreserveBootVolumeQueryParam*.

To preserve data volumes created with the instance, specify *true* or
do not specify a value for *PreserveDataVolumesQueryParam*. To delete
the data volumes when the instance itself is deleted, specify *false*
for *PreserveDataVolumesQueryParam*.

This is an asynchronous operation. The instance’s *lifecycleState*
changes to TERMINATING temporarily until the instance is completely
deleted. After the instance is deleted, the record remains visible in
the list of instances with the state TERMINATED for at least 12 hours,
but no further action is needed.


Usage
=====

   oci compute instance terminate [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--instance-id [text]

The OCID of the instance.


Optional Parameters
===================

--force

Perform deletion without prompting for confirmation.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--if-match [text]

For optimistic concurrency control. In the PUT or DELETE call for a
resource, set the *if-match* parameter to the value of the etag from a
previous GET or POST response for that resource. The resource will be
updated or deleted only if the etag you provide matches the resource’s
current etag value.

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the resource to reach the lifecycle state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--preserve-boot-volume [boolean]

Specifies whether to delete or preserve the boot volume when
terminating an instance. When set to *true*, the boot volume is
preserved. The default value is *false*.

--preserve-data-volumes-created-at-launch [boolean]

Specifies whether to delete or preserve the data volumes created
during launch when terminating an instance. When set to *true*, the
data volumes are preserved. The default value is *true*.

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation creates, modifies or deletes a resource that has a
defined lifecycle state. Specify this option to perform the action and
then wait until the resource reaches a given lifecycle state. Multiple
states can be specified, returning on the first state. For example, "
--wait-for-state" SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on
whichever lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a
return code of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1
is returned.

Accepted values are:

   CREATING_IMAGE, MOVING, PROVISIONING, RUNNING, STARTING, STOPPED, STOPPING, TERMINATED, TERMINATING

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the resource has
reached the lifecycle state defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to
30 seconds.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export cidr_block=<substitute-value-of-cidr_block> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/network/vcn/create.html#cmdoption-cidr-block
       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/network/vcn/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export availability_domain=<substitute-value-of-availability_domain> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/compute/instance/launch.html#cmdoption-availability-domain
       export image_id=<substitute-value-of-image_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/compute/instance/launch.html#cmdoption-image-id

       vcn_id=$(oci network vcn create --cidr-block $cidr_block --compartment-id $compartment_id --query data.id --raw-output)

       subnet_id=$(oci network subnet create --cidr-block $cidr_block --compartment-id $compartment_id --vcn-id $vcn_id --query data.id --raw-output)

       instance_id=$(oci compute instance launch --availability-domain $availability_domain --compartment-id $compartment_id --image-id $image_id --subnet-id $subnet_id --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci compute instance terminate --instance-id $instance_id
