"create"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Creates a new tag default in the specified compartment for the
specified tag definition.

If you specify that a value is required, a value is set during
resource creation (either by the user creating the resource or another
tag defualt). If no value is set, resource creation is blocked.

* If the *isRequired* flag is set to “true”, the value is set during
  resource creation. * If the *isRequired* flag is set to “false”, the
  value you enter is set during resource creation.


Usage
=====

   oci iam tag-default create [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment. The tag default will be applied to all
new resources created in this compartment.

--tag-definition-id [text]

The OCID of the tag definition. The tag default will always assign a
default value for this tag definition.

--value [text]

The default value for the tag definition. This will be applied to all
new resources created in the compartment.


Optional Parameters
===================

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--is-required [boolean]

If you specify that a value is required, a value is set during
resource creation (either by the user creating the resource or another
tag defualt). If no value is set, resource creation is blocked.

* If the *isRequired* flag is set to “true”, the value is set during
  resource creation. * If the *isRequired* flag is set to “false”, the
  value you enter is set during resource creation.

Example:

   false

--locks [complex type]

Locks associated with this resource.

This option is a JSON list with items of type AddLockDetails.  For
documentation on AddLockDetails please see our API reference: https:/
/docs.cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/identity/20160918/datatypes/AddLockDe
tails. This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The
value can be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as
a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the resource to reach the lifecycle state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation creates, modifies or deletes a resource that has a
defined lifecycle state. Specify this option to perform the action and
then wait until the resource reaches a given lifecycle state. Multiple
states can be specified, returning on the first state. For example, "
--wait-for-state" SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on
whichever lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a
return code of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1
is returned.

Accepted values are:

   ACTIVE

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the resource has
reached the lifecycle state defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to
30 seconds.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/iam/tag-default/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export tag_definition_id=<substitute-value-of-tag_definition_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/iam/tag-default/create.html#cmdoption-tag-definition-id
       export value=<substitute-value-of-value> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/iam/tag-default/create.html#cmdoption-value

       oci iam tag-default create --compartment-id $compartment_id --tag-definition-id $tag_definition_id --value $value
