"clone"
*******

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Creates and launches a DB System.


Usage
=====

   oci mysql db-system clone [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment.

--shape-name [text]

The name of the shape. The shape determines the resources allocated -
CPU cores and memory for VM shapes; CPU cores, memory and storage for
non-VM (or bare metal) shapes. To get a list of shapes, use the
ListShapes operation.

--source-backup-id [text]

The OCID of the backup to be used as the source for the new DB System.

--subnet-id [text]

The OCID of the subnet the DB System is associated with.


Optional Parameters
===================

--access-mode [text]

The access mode indicating if the database access will be restricted
only to administrators or not:  - UNRESTRICTED (default): the access
to the database is not restricted;  - RESTRICTED: the access will be
allowed only to users with specific privileges;    RESTRICTED will
correspond to setting the MySQL system variable    offline_mode to ON.

--admin-password [text]

The password for the administrative user. The password must be between
8 and 32 characters long, and must contain at least 1 numeric
character, 1 lowercase character, 1 uppercase character, and 1 special
(nonalphanumeric) character.

--admin-username [text]

The username for the administrative user.

--availability-domain [text]

The availability domain on which to deploy the Read/Write endpoint.
This defines the preferred primary instance.

In a failover scenario, the Read/Write endpoint is redirected to one
of the other availability domains and the MySQL instance in that
domain is promoted to the primary instance. This redirection does not
affect the IP address of the DB System in any way.

For a standalone DB System, this defines the availability domain in
which the DB System is placed.

--backup-policy [complex type]

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--configuration-id [text]

The OCID of the Configuration to be used for this DB System.

--crash-recovery [text]

Whether to run the DB System with InnoDB Redo Logs and the Double
Write Buffer enabled or disabled, and whether to enable or disable
syncing of the Binary Logs.

Accepted values are:

   DISABLED, ENABLED

--customer-contacts [complex type]

The list of customer email addresses that receive information from
Oracle about the specified OCI DB System resource. Oracle uses these
email addresses to send notifications about planned and unplanned
software maintenance updates, information about system hardware, and
other information needed by administrators. Up to 10 email addresses
can be added to the customer contacts for a DB System.

This option is a JSON list with items of type CustomerContact.  For
documentation on CustomerContact please see our API reference: https:
//docs.cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/dbsystem/20190415/datatypes/Customer
Contact. This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The
value can be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as
a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--data-storage-size-in-gbs [integer]

Initial size of the data volume in GBs that will be created and
attached. Keep in mind that this only specifies the size of the
database data volume, the log volume for the database will be scaled
appropriately with its shape.

--database-management [text]

Whether to enable monitoring via the Database Management service.

Accepted values are:

   DISABLED, ENABLED

--database-mode [text]

The database mode indicating the types of statements that will be
allowed to run in the DB system. This mode will apply only to
statements run by user connections. Replicated write statements will
continue to be allowed regardless of the DatabaseMode.   - READ_WRITE
(default): allow running read and write statements on the DB system;
- READ_ONLY: only allow running read statements on the DB system.

--defined-tags [complex type]

Usage of predefined tag keys. These predefined keys are scoped to
namespaces. Example: *{“foo-namespace”: {“bar-key”: “value”}}* This is
a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be
provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file using
the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--deletion-policy [complex type]

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--description [text]

User-provided data about the DB System.

--display-name [text]

The user-friendly name for the DB System. It does not have to be
unique.

--fault-domain [text]

The fault domain on which to deploy the Read/Write endpoint. This
defines the preferred primary instance.

In a failover scenario, the Read/Write endpoint is redirected to one
of the other fault domains and the MySQL instance in that domain is
promoted to the primary instance. This redirection does not affect the
IP address of the DB System in any way.

For a standalone DB System, this defines the fault domain in which the
DB System is placed.

--freeform-tags [complex type]

Simple key-value pair applied without any predefined name, type or
scope. Exists for cross-compatibility only. Example: *{“bar-key”:
“value”}* This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The
value can be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as
a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--hostname-label [text]

The hostname for the primary endpoint of the DB System. Used for DNS.

The value is the hostname portion of the primary private IP’s fully
qualified domain name (FQDN) (for example, “dbsystem-1” in FQDN
“dbsystem-1.subnet123.vcn1.oraclevcn.com”).

Must be unique across all VNICs in the subnet and comply with RFC 952
and RFC 1123.

--ip-address [text]

The IP address the DB System is configured to listen on. A private IP
address of your choice to assign to the primary endpoint of the DB
System. Must be an available IP address within the subnet’s CIDR. If
you don’t specify a value, Oracle automatically assigns a private IP
address from the subnet. This should be a “dotted-quad” style IPv4
address.

--is-auto-expand-storage-enabled [boolean]

Checks whether Automatic Storage Expansion should be enabled for the
dbsystem.

--is-highly-available [boolean]

Specifies if the DB System is highly available.

When creating a DB System with High Availability, three instances are
created and placed according to your region- and subnet-type. The
secondaries are placed automatically in the other two availability or
fault domains.  You can choose the preferred location of your primary
instance, only.

--maintenance [complex type]

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--max-storage-size-in-gbs [integer]

Sets the maximum storage size a db system can automatically be
expanded to.

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the work request to reach the state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--mysql-version [text]

The specific MySQL version identifier.

--port [integer]

The port for primary endpoint of the DB System to listen on.

--port-x [integer]

The TCP network port on which X Plugin listens for connections. This
is the X Plugin equivalent of port.

--read-endpoint [complex type]

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--secure-connections [complex type]

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation asynchronously creates, modifies or deletes a resource
and uses a work request to track the progress of the operation.
Specify this option to perform the action and then wait until the work
request reaches a certain state. Multiple states can be specified,
returning on the first state. For example, "--wait-for-state"
SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on whichever
lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a return code
of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1 is returned.

Accepted values are:

   ACCEPTED, CANCELED, CANCELING, FAILED, IN_PROGRESS, SUCCEEDED

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the work request
has reached the state defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 30
seconds.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/mysql/db-system/clone.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export shape_name=<substitute-value-of-shape_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/mysql/db-system/clone.html#cmdoption-shape-name
       export source_backup_id=<substitute-value-of-source_backup_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/mysql/db-system/clone.html#cmdoption-source-backup-id
       export subnet_id=<substitute-value-of-subnet_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/mysql/db-system/clone.html#cmdoption-subnet-id

       oci mysql db-system clone --compartment-id $compartment_id --shape-name $shape_name --source-backup-id $source_backup_id --subnet-id $subnet_id
