"list"
******

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Get a list of DB Systems in the specified compartment. The default
sort order is by timeUpdated, descending.


Usage
=====

   oci mysql db-system list [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The compartment OCID.


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--configuration-id [text]

The requested Configuration instance.

--database-management [text]

Filter DB Systems by their Database Management configuration.

Accepted values are:

   DISABLED, ENABLED

--db-system-id [text]

The DB System OCID.

--display-name [text]

A filter to return only the resource matching the given display name
exactly.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--is-heatwave-cluster-attached [boolean]

If true, return only DB Systems with a HeatWave cluster attached, if
false return only DB Systems with no HeatWave cluster attached. If not
present, return all DB Systems.

--is-up-to-date [boolean]

Filter instances if they are using the latest revision of the
Configuration they are associated with.

--lifecycle-state [text]

DbSystem Lifecycle State

Accepted values are:

   ACTIVE, CREATING, DELETED, DELETING, FAILED, INACTIVE, UPDATING

--limit [integer]

The maximum number of items to return in a paginated list call. For
information about pagination, see List Pagination.

--page [text]

The value of the *opc-next-page* or *opc-prev-page* response header
from the previous list call. For information about pagination, see
List Pagination.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--sort-by [text]

The field to sort by. Only one sort order may be provided. Time fields
are default ordered as descending. Display name is default ordered as
ascending.

Accepted values are:

   displayName, timeCreated

--sort-order [text]

The sort order to use (ASC or DESC).

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/mysql/db-system/list.html#cmdoption-compartment-id

       oci mysql db-system list --compartment-id $compartment_id
