"list-paths"
************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Retrieves a list of files and directories in a repository.


Usage
=====

   oci devops repository-path-summary list-paths [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--repository-id [text]

Unique repository identifier.


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--display-name [text]

A filter to return only resources that match the entire display name
given.

--folder-path [text]

The fully qualified path to the folder whose contents are returned,
including the folder name. For example, /examples is a fully-qualified
path to a folder named examples that was created off of the root
directory (/) of a repository.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--limit [integer]

The maximum number of items to return.

--page [text]

The page token representing the page at which to start retrieving
results. This is usually retrieved from a previous list call.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--paths-in-subtree [boolean]

Flag to determine if files must be retrived recursively. Flag is False
by default.

--ref [text]

The name of branch/tag or commit hash it points to. If names conflict,
order of preference is commit > branch > tag. You can disambiguate
with “heads/foobar” and “tags/foobar”. If left blank repository’s
default branch will be used.

--sort-by [text]

The field to sort by. Only one sort order may be provided. Default
order is ascending. If no value is specified name is default.

Accepted values are:

   name, sizeInBytes, type

--sort-order [text]

The sort order to use. Use either ascending or descending.

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy and paste the following example into a JSON file, replacing the
example parameters with your own.

       oci devops project create --generate-param-json-input notification-config > notification-config.json

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/devops/project/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export name=<substitute-value-of-name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/devops/project/create.html#cmdoption-name
       export repository_type=<substitute-value-of-repository_type> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/devops/repository/create.html#cmdoption-repository-type

       project_id=$(oci devops project create --compartment-id $compartment_id --name $name --notification-config file://notification-config.json --query data.id --raw-output)

       repository_id=$(oci devops repository create --name $name --project-id $project_id --repository-type $repository_type --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci devops repository-path-summary list-paths --repository-id $repository_id
