"abort"
*******

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter

* Other Examples


Description
===========

Aborts an uncommitted multipart upload

Example:
   oci os multipart abort -ns mynamespace -bn mybucket –object-name
   myfile.txt –upload-id my-upload-id


Usage
=====

   oci os multipart abort [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

-bn, --bucket-name [text]

The name of the bucket.

-on, --object-name [text]

The name of the object.

--upload-id [text]

Upload ID to abort.


Optional Parameters
===================

--force

Abort the existing multipart upload without a confirmation prompt.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

-ns, --namespace, --namespace-name [text]

The top-level namespace used for the request. If not provided, this
parameter will be obtained internally using a call to ‘oci os ns get’


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export bucket_name=<substitute-value-of-bucket_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/os/multipart/abort.html#cmdoption-bucket-name
       export object_name=<substitute-value-of-object_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/os/multipart/abort.html#cmdoption-object-name
       export upload_id=<substitute-value-of-upload_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/os/multipart/abort.html#cmdoption-upload-id

       oci os multipart abort --bucket-name $bucket_name --object-name $object_name --upload-id $upload_id


Other Examples
==============


Description
-----------

Aborts specified uncommitted multipart upload.


Command
-------

    oci os multipart abort -bn bucket-client --upload-id 3eff9bc4-3f68-8fd2-8e2a-123ea593d922 -on x001


Output
------

   {
    "output": "WARNING: Are you sure you want to permanently remove this incomplete upload? [y/N]:"
   }


Description
-----------

Aborts specified uncommitted multipart upload, without showing prompt
for confirmation.


Command
-------

    oci os multipart abort -bn bucket-client --upload-id 3eff9bc4-3f68-8fd2-8e2a-123ea593d922 -on x001 --force


Output
------

   {
    "output": null
   }


Description
-----------

Aborts specified uncommitted multipart upload in specified namespace.


Command
-------

    oci os multipart abort -bn bucket-client --upload-id b35fa1c0-df46-00bd-b9c4-58e946c547a2 -on x001 -ns bmcostests


Output
------

   {
    "output": "WARNING: Are you sure you want to permanently remove this incomplete upload? [y/N]:"
   }
