"list"
******

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter

* Other Examples


Description
===========

Lists all of the in-progress multipart uploads for the given bucket in
the given Object Storage namespace.


Usage
=====

   oci os multipart list [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--bucket-name, -bn [text]

The name of the bucket. Avoid entering confidential information.
Example: *my-new-bucket1*


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--limit [integer]

For list pagination. The maximum number of results per page, or items
to return in a paginated “List” call. For important details about how
pagination works, see List Pagination.

--namespace-name, --namespace, -ns [text]

The Object Storage namespace used for the request. If not provided,
this parameter will be obtained internally using a call to ‘oci os ns
get’

--page [text]

For list pagination. The value of the *opc-next-page* response header
from the previous “List” call. For important details about how
pagination works, see List Pagination.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export bucket_name=<substitute-value-of-bucket_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/os/multipart/list.html#cmdoption-bucket-name

       oci os multipart list --bucket-name $bucket_name


Other Examples
==============


Description
-----------

Lists at most first 1000 in-progress multipart uploads for the given
bucket.


Command
-------

    oci os multipart list -bn bucket-client


Output
------

   {
    "data": [
         {
              "bucket": "bucket-client",
              "namespace": "bmcostests",
              "object": "x001",
              "storage-tier": "Standard",
              "time-created": "2022-12-20T13:08:32.827000+00:00",
              "upload-id": "3eff9bc4-3f68-8fd2-8e2a-123ea593d922"
         },
         {
              "bucket": "bucket-client",
              "namespace": "bmcostests",
              "object": "x001",
              "storage-tier": "Standard",
              "time-created": "2022-12-20T13:07:47.759000+00:00",
              "upload-id": "b35fa1c0-df46-00bd-b9c4-58e946c547a2"
         },
         {
              "bucket": "bucket-client",
              "namespace": "bmcostests",
              "object": "x002",
              "storage-tier": "Standard",
              "time-created": "2022-12-20T13:20:30.955000+00:00",
              "upload-id": "08817535-8e7e-b460-dd51-6dba34103f45"
         }
    ]
   }


Description
-----------

Lists all of the in-progress multipart uploads for the given bucket.


Command
-------

    oci os multipart list -bn bucket-client --all


Output
------

   {
    "data": [
         {
              "bucket": "bucket-client",
              "namespace": "bmcostests",
              "object": "x001",
              "storage-tier": "Standard",
              "time-created": "2022-12-20T13:08:32.827000+00:00",
              "upload-id": "3eff9bc4-3f68-8fd2-8e2a-123ea593d922"
         },
         {
              "bucket": "bucket-client",
              "namespace": "bmcostests",
              "object": "x001",
              "storage-tier": "Standard",
              "time-created": "2022-12-20T13:07:47.759000+00:00",
              "upload-id": "b35fa1c0-df46-00bd-b9c4-58e946c547a2"
         },
         {
              "bucket": "bucket-client",
              "namespace": "bmcostests",
              "object": "x002",
              "storage-tier": "Standard",
              "time-created": "2022-12-20T13:20:30.955000+00:00",
              "upload-id": "08817535-8e7e-b460-dd51-6dba34103f45"
         }
    ]
   }


Description
-----------

Lists in-progress multipart uploads for the given bucket, with maximum
result per page equal to specified limit.


Command
-------

    oci os multipart list -bn bucket-client --limit 1


Output
------

   {
    "data": [
         {
              "bucket": "bucket-client",
              "namespace": "bmcostests",
              "object": "x001",
              "storage-tier": "Standard",
              "time-created": "2022-12-20T13:08:32.827000+00:00",
              "upload-id": "3eff9bc4-3f68-8fd2-8e2a-123ea593d922"
         }
    ],
    "opc-next-page": "1:xHAPKMbm64PPwzxjiFuh92_3fp_i7y6Ek2lTYQUlqsfzSdHr6Idw3TXT4YuCTLRvD-OokI5TsGnm_rQR2QXLz-krPLN6CQlE9Qvh2PRZZy36map0yPD2MC9nFvDgCmw2"
   }


Description
-----------

Lists all of the in-progress multipart uploads for the given bucket in
specified namespace.


Command
-------

    oci os multipart list -bn bucket-client -ns bmcostests


Output
------

   {
    "data": [
         {
              "bucket": "bucket-client",
              "namespace": "bmcostests",
              "object": "x001",
              "storage-tier": "Standard",
              "time-created": "2022-12-20T13:08:32.827000+00:00",
              "upload-id": "3eff9bc4-3f68-8fd2-8e2a-123ea593d922"
         },
         {
              "bucket": "bucket-client",
              "namespace": "bmcostests",
              "object": "x001",
              "storage-tier": "Standard",
              "time-created": "2022-12-20T13:07:47.759000+00:00",
              "upload-id": "b35fa1c0-df46-00bd-b9c4-58e946c547a2"
         },
         {
              "bucket": "bucket-client",
              "namespace": "bmcostests",
              "object": "x002",
              "storage-tier": "Standard",
              "time-created": "2022-12-20T13:20:30.955000+00:00",
              "upload-id": "08817535-8e7e-b460-dd51-6dba34103f45"
         }
    ]
   }


Description
-----------

Lists all of the in-progress multipart uploads, taking input from json
file


Command
-------

    oci os multipart list --from-json file://json_input.json


Output
------

   {
    "data": [
         {
              "bucket": "bucket-client",
              "namespace": "bmcostests",
              "object": "x001",
              "storage-tier": "Standard",
              "time-created": "2022-12-20T13:08:32.827000+00:00",
              "upload-id": "3eff9bc4-3f68-8fd2-8e2a-123ea593d922"
         }
    ],
    "opc-next-page": "1:35y_1tAK-Y2rnutxGG2nam_3fp_i7y6Ek2lTYQUlqsfzSdHr6Idw3TXT4YuCTLRvD-OokI5TsGnm_rQR2QXLz-krPLN6CQlE9Qvh2PRZZy36map0yPD2MC9nFvDgCmw2"
   }
