"update"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Updates a backend set.


Usage
=====

   oci lb backend-set update [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--backend-set-name [text]

The name of the backend set to update.

Example:

   example_backend_set

--backends [complex type]

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--health-checker-protocol [text]

The protocol the health check must use; either HTTP or TCP.

--load-balancer-id [text]

The OCID of the load balancer associated with the backend set.

--policy [text]

The load balancer policy for the backend set. To get a list of
available policies, use the ListPolicies operation.

Example:

   LEAST_CONNECTIONS


Optional Parameters
===================

--backend-max-connections [integer]

The maximum number of simultaneous connections the load balancer can
make to any backend in the backend set unless the backend has its own
maxConnections setting. If this is not set then the number of
simultaneous connections the load balancer can make to any backend in
the backend set unless the backend has its own maxConnections setting
is unlimited.

Example:

   300

--cipher-suite-name [text]

Cipher suite name for backend.

--force

Perform update without prompting for confirmation.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--health-checker-interval-in-ms [integer]

The interval between health checks, in milliseconds.

--health-checker-port [integer]

The backend server port against which to run the health check. If the
port is not specified, the load balancer uses the port information
from the Backend object.

--health-checker-response-body-regex [text]

A regular expression for parsing the response body from the backend
server.

--health-checker-retries [integer]

The number of retries to attempt before a backend server is considered
“unhealthy”.

--health-checker-return-code [integer]

The status code a healthy backend server should return.

--health-checker-timeout-in-ms [integer]

The maximum time, in milliseconds, to wait for a reply to a health
check. A health check is successful only if a reply returns within
this timeout period.

--health-checker-url-path [text]

The path against which to run the health check.

--if-match [text]

For optimistic concurrency control. In the PUT or DELETE call for a
resource, set the if-match parameter to the value of the ETag for the
load balancer. This value can be obtained from a GET or POST response
for any resource of that load balancer.

For example, the eTag returned by getListener can be specified as the
ifMatch for updateRuleSets.

The resource is updated or deleted only if the ETag you provide
matches the resource’s current ETag value.

Example:

   example-etag

--lb-cookie-session-persistence-configuration [complex type]

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the work request to reach the state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--protocols [complex type]

A list of protocols to be configured for backend. It must be a list of
strings.

Example:

   ["TLSv1.1","TLSv1.2"]

--server-order-preference [text]

Server order preference for backend.

--session-persistence-cookie-name [text]

The name of the cookie used to detect a session initiated by the
backend server. Use ‘*’ to specify that any cookie set by the backend
causes the session to persist.

--session-persistence-disable-fallback [boolean]

Whether the load balancer is prevented from directing traffic from a
persistent session client to a different backend server if the
original server is unavailable. Defaults to false.

--ssl-certificate-ids [complex type]

A list of OCI Certificates OCIDs to be used by this Load Balancer.

--ssl-certificate-name [text]

A friendly name for the certificate bundle. It must be unique and it
cannot be changed. Valid certificate bundle names include only
alphanumeric characters, dashes, and underscores. Certificate bundle
names cannot contain spaces. Avoid entering confidential information.

--ssl-verify-depth [integer]

The maximum depth for peer certificate chain verification.

--ssl-verify-peer-certificate [boolean]

Whether the load balancer listener should verify peer certificates.

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation asynchronously creates, modifies or deletes a resource
and uses a work request to track the progress of the operation.
Specify this option to perform the action and then wait until the work
request reaches a certain state. Multiple states can be specified,
returning on the first state. For example, "--wait-for-state"
SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on whichever
lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a return code
of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1 is returned.

Accepted values are:

   ACCEPTED, FAILED, IN_PROGRESS, SUCCEEDED

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the work request
has reached the state defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 30
seconds.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy and paste the following example into a JSON file, replacing the
example parameters with your own.

       oci lb load-balancer create --generate-param-json-input subnet-ids > subnet-ids.json

       oci lb backend-set update --generate-param-json-input backends > backends.json

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/lb/load-balancer/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export display_name=<substitute-value-of-display_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/lb/load-balancer/create.html#cmdoption-display-name
       export shape_name=<substitute-value-of-shape_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/lb/load-balancer/create.html#cmdoption-shape-name
       export backend_set_name=<substitute-value-of-backend_set_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/lb/backend-set/update.html#cmdoption-backend-set-name
       export health_checker_protocol=<substitute-value-of-health_checker_protocol> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/lb/backend-set/update.html#cmdoption-health-checker-protocol
       export policy=<substitute-value-of-policy> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/lb/backend-set/update.html#cmdoption-policy

       load_balancer_id=$(oci lb load-balancer create --compartment-id $compartment_id --display-name $display_name --shape-name $shape_name --subnet-ids file://subnet-ids.json --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci lb backend-set update --backend-set-name $backend_set_name --backends file://backends.json --health-checker-protocol $health_checker_protocol --load-balancer-id $load_balancer_id --policy $policy
