"list-alerts"
*************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Gets a list of all alerts.


Usage
=====

   oci data-safe alert-summary list-alerts [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

A filter to return only resources that match the specified compartment
OCID.


Optional Parameters
===================

--access-level [text]

Valid values are RESTRICTED and ACCESSIBLE. Default is RESTRICTED.
Setting this to ACCESSIBLE returns only those compartments for which
the user has INSPECT permissions directly or indirectly (permissions
can be on a resource in a subcompartment). When set to RESTRICTED
permissions are checked and no partial results are displayed.

Accepted values are:

   ACCESSIBLE, RESTRICTED

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--compartment-id-in-subtree [boolean]

Default is false. When set to true, the hierarchy of compartments is
traversed and all compartments and subcompartments in the tenancy are
returned. Depends on the ‘accessLevel’ setting.

--field [text]

Specifies a subset of fields to be returned in the response.

Accepted values are:

   alertType, displayName, id, lifecycleState, operation, operationStatus, operationTime, policyId, severity, status, targetIds, targetNames, timeCreated, timeUpdated

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--id [text]

A filter to return alert by it’s OCID.

--limit [integer]

For list pagination. The maximum number of items to return per page in
a paginated “List” call. For details about how pagination works, see
List Pagination.

--page [text]

For list pagination. The page token representing the page at which to
start retrieving results. It is usually retrieved from a previous
“List” call. For details about how pagination works, see List
Pagination.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--scim-query [text]

The scimQuery query parameter accepts filter expressions that use the
syntax described in Section 3.2.2.2 of the System for Cross-Domain
Identity Management (SCIM) specification, which is available at
RFC3339. In SCIM filtering expressions, text, date, and time values
must be enclosed in quotation marks, with date and time values using
ISO-8601 format. (Numeric and boolean values should not be quoted.)

**Example:** | query=(timeCreated ge ‘2021-06-04T01-00-26’) and
(targetNames eq ‘target_1’) query=(featureDetails.userName eq “user”)
and (targetNames eq “target_1”) Supported fields: severity status
alertType targetIds targetNames operationTime lifecycleState
displayName timeCreated timeUpdated featureDetails.* (* can be any
field in nestedStrMap in Feature Attributes in Alert Summary. For
example - userName,object,clientHostname,osUserName,clientIPs,clientI
d,commandText,commandParam,clientProgram,objectType,targetOwner)

--sort-by [text]

The field to sort by. Only one sort order may be provided. Default
order for timeCreated is descending. If no value is specified
timeCreated is default.

Accepted values are:

   displayName, timeCreated

--sort-order [text]

The sort order to use, either ascending (ASC) or descending (DESC).

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/data-safe/alert-summary/list-alerts.html#cmdoption-compartment-id

       oci data-safe alert-summary list-alerts --compartment-id $compartment_id
