"list-inventory-resources"
**************************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Returns a list of InventoryResources.


Usage
=====

   oci fleet-apps-management inventory-resource-collection list-inventory-resources [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

A filter to return only resources whose base Compartment ID(TenancyId)
matches the given base Compartment ID.

--resource-compartment-id [text]

A filter to return only resources whose resource Compartment ID
matches the given resource Compartment ID.


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--defined-tag-equals [text]

A list of tag filters to apply.  Only resources with a defined tag
matching the value will be returned. Each item in the list has the
format “{namespace}.{tagName}={value}”.  All inputs are case-
insensitive. Multiple values for the same key (i.e. same namespace and
tag name) are interpreted as “OR”. Values for different keys (i.e.
different namespaces, different tag names, or both) are interpreted as
“AND”. Example: Identification.Development=Yes

--display-name [text]

A filter to return only resources that match the entire display name
given.

--freeform-tag-equals [text]

A list of tag filters to apply.  Only resources with a freeform tag
matching the value will be returned. The key for each tag is
“{tagName}.{value}”.  All inputs are case-insensitive. Multiple values
for the same tag name are interpreted as “OR”.  Values for different
tag names are interpreted as “AND”.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--inventory-properties [text]

A list of inventory properties filters to apply. The key for each
inventory property and value for each resource type is
“{resourceType}.{inventoryProperty}={value}”. Example:
Instance.displayName=TEST_INSTANCE

--lifecycle-state [text]

A filter to return only resources their lifecycleState matches the
given lifecycleState.

--limit [integer]

The maximum number of items to return.

--matching-criteria [text]

Fetch resources matching ANY or ALL criteria passed as params in
“tags” and “inventoryProperties”. Example: matchingCriteria=ANY

--page [text]

A token representing the position at which to start retrieving
results. This must come from the *opc-next-page* header field of a
previous response.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--resource-region [text]

Resource Region

--sort-by [text]

The field to sort by. Only one sort order may be provided. Default
order for timeCreated is descending. Default order for displayName is
ascending.

Accepted values are:

   displayName, timeCreated

--sort-order [text]

The sort order to use, either ‘ASC’ or ‘DESC’.

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/fleet-apps-management/inventory-resource-collection/list-inventory-resources.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export resource_compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-resource_compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/fleet-apps-management/inventory-resource-collection/list-inventory-resources.html#cmdoption-resource-compartment-id

       oci fleet-apps-management inventory-resource-collection list-inventory-resources --compartment-id $compartment_id --resource-compartment-id $resource_compartment_id
