"schedule-report-schedule-audit-report-details"
***********************************************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Schedules a .xls or .pdf report based on parameters and report
definition.


Usage
=====

   oci data-safe report-definition schedule-report-schedule-audit-report-details [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment in which the resource should be created.

--mime-type [text]

Specifies if the report will be in .xls or .pdf or .json format

Accepted values are:

   JSON, PDF, XLS

--report-definition-id [text]

Unique report definition identifier

--report-details-record-time-span [text]

The time span of records in report to be scheduled. <period-
value><period> Allowed period strings - “H”,”D”,”M”,”Y” Each of the
above fields potentially introduce constraints. A workRequest is
created only when period-value satisfies all the constraints.
Constraints introduced: 1. period = H (The allowed range for period-
value is [1, 23]) 2. period = D (The allowed range for period-value is
[1, 30]) 3. period = M (The allowed range for period-value is [1, 11])
4. period = Y (The minimum period-value is 1)

--schedule [text]

The schedule to generate the report periodically in the specified
format: <version-string>;<version-specific-schedule>

Allowed version strings - “v1” v1’s version specific schedule -<ss>
<mm> <hh> <day-of-week> <day-of-month> Each of the above fields
potentially introduce constraints. A workrequest is created only when
clock time satisfies all the constraints. Constraints introduced: 1.
seconds = <ss> (So, the allowed range for <ss> is [0, 59]) 2. minutes
= <mm> (So, the allowed range for <mm> is [0, 59]) 3. hours = <hh>
(So, the allowed range for <hh> is [0, 23]) 4. <day-of-week> can be
either ‘*’ (without quotes or a number between 1(Monday) and
7(Sunday)) No constraint introduced when it is ‘*’. When not, day of
week must equal the given value 5. <day-of-month> can be either ‘*’
(without quotes or a number between 1 and 28) No constraint introduced
when it is ‘*’. When not, day of month must equal the given value


Optional Parameters
===================

--display-name [text]

The name of the report to be scheduled

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--if-match [text]

For optimistic concurrency control. In the PUT or DELETE call for a
resource, set the if-match parameter to the value of the etag from a
previous GET or POST response for that resource. The resource will be
updated or deleted only if the etag you provide matches the resource’s
current etag value.

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the work request to reach the state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--report-details-row-limit [integer]

Specifies the limit on the number of rows in the report.

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation asynchronously creates, modifies or deletes a resource
and uses a work request to track the progress of the operation.
Specify this option to perform the action and then wait until the work
request reaches a certain state. Multiple states can be specified,
returning on the first state. For example, "--wait-for-state"
SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on whichever
lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a return code
of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1 is returned.

Accepted values are:

   ACCEPTED, CANCELED, CANCELING, FAILED, IN_PROGRESS, SUCCEEDED, SUSPENDED, SUSPENDING

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the work request
has reached the state defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 30
seconds.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy and paste the following example into a JSON file, replacing the
example parameters with your own.

       oci data-safe report-definition create --generate-param-json-input column-filters > column-filters.json
       oci data-safe report-definition create --generate-param-json-input column-info > column-info.json
       oci data-safe report-definition create --generate-param-json-input column-sortings > column-sortings.json
       oci data-safe report-definition create --generate-param-json-input summary > summary.json

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/data-safe/report-definition/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export display_name=<substitute-value-of-display_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/data-safe/report-definition/create.html#cmdoption-display-name
       export parent_id=<substitute-value-of-parent_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/data-safe/report-definition/create.html#cmdoption-parent-id
       export mime_type=<substitute-value-of-mime_type> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/data-safe/report-definition/schedule-report-schedule-audit-report-details.html#cmdoption-mime-type
       export report_details_record_time_span=<substitute-value-of-report_details_record_time_span> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/data-safe/report-definition/schedule-report-schedule-audit-report-details.html#cmdoption-report-details-record-time-span
       export schedule=<substitute-value-of-schedule> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/data-safe/report-definition/schedule-report-schedule-audit-report-details.html#cmdoption-schedule

       report_definition_id=$(oci data-safe report-definition create --column-filters file://column-filters.json --column-info file://column-info.json --column-sortings file://column-sortings.json --compartment-id $compartment_id --display-name $display_name --parent-id $parent_id --summary file://summary.json --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci data-safe report-definition schedule-report-schedule-audit-report-details --compartment-id $compartment_id --mime-type $mime_type --report-definition-id $report_definition_id --report-details-record-time-span $report_details_record_time_span --schedule $schedule
