"bulk-edit"
***********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Edits the specified list of security attributes for the selected
resources. This operation triggers a process that edits the attributes
on all selected resources. The possible actions are:

   * Add a security attribute when it does not already exist on the
     resource.   * Update the value for a security attribute when it
     is present on the resource.   * Add a security attribute when it
     does not already exist on the resource or update the value when
     it is present on the resource.   * Remove a security attribute
     from a resource. The security attribute is removed from the
     resource regardless of the value.

The edits can include a combination of operations and attributes.
However, multiple operations cannot apply to the same attribute in the
same request.


Usage
=====

   oci security-attribute security-attribute bulk-edit [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--bulk-edit-operations [complex type]

The operations associated with the request to bulk edit tags. This is
a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be
provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file using
the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment where the bulk edit request is submitted.

--resources [complex type]

The resources to be updated. This is a complex type whose value must
be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the command
line or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.


Optional Parameters
===================

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy and paste the following example into a JSON file, replacing the
example parameters with your own.

       oci security-attribute security-attribute bulk-edit --generate-param-json-input bulk-edit-operations > bulk-edit-operations.json
       oci security-attribute security-attribute bulk-edit --generate-param-json-input resources > resources.json

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/security-attribute/security-attribute/bulk-edit.html#cmdoption-compartment-id

       oci security-attribute security-attribute bulk-edit --bulk-edit-operations file://bulk-edit-operations.json --compartment-id $compartment_id --resources file://resources.json
