"search-associated-resources"
*****************************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

List all associated resources recursively up-to a specified level, for
the monitored resources of type specified.


Usage
=====

   oci stack-monitoring resource search-associated-resources [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

Compartment Identifier OCID.


Optional Parameters
===================

--association-types [complex type]

Association types filter to be searched for finding associated
resources. This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The
value can be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as
a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--exclude-fields [text]

Partial response refers to an optimization technique offered by the
RESTful web APIs, to return all the information except the fields
requested to be excluded (excludeFields) by the client. In this
mechanism, the client sends the exclude field names as the query
parameters for an API to the server, and the server trims down the
default response content by removing the fields that are not required
by the client. The parameter controls which fields to exlude and to
return and should be a query string parameter called “excludeFields”
of an array type, provide the values as enums, and use
collectionFormat.

--fields [text]

Partial response refers to an optimization technique offered by the
RESTful web APIs, to return only the information (fields) required by
the client. In this mechanism, the client sends the required field
names as the query parameters for an API to the server, and the server
trims down the default response content by removing the fields that
are not required by the client. The parameter controls which fields to
return and should be a query string parameter called “fields” of an
array type, provide the values as enums, and use collectionFormat.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--if-match [text]

For optimistic concurrency control. In the PUT or DELETE call for a
resource, set the *if-match* parameter to the value of the etag from a
previous GET or POST response for that resource. The resource will be
updated or deleted only if the etag you provide matches the resource’s
current etag value.

--limit [integer]

For list pagination. The maximum number of results per page, or items
to return in a paginated “List” call. For important details about how
pagination works, see List Pagination.

--limit-level [integer]

The field which determines the depth of hierarchy while searching for
associated resources. Possible values - 0 for all levels. And positive
number to indicate different levels. Default value is 1, which
indicates 1st level associations.

--page [text]

For list pagination. The value of the *opc-next-page* response header
from the previous “List” call. For important details about how
pagination works, see List Pagination.

--resource-id [text]

Monitored resource identifier for which the associated resources
should be fetched. Either resourceId or resourceType should be
provided.

--resource-type [text]

A filter to return associated resources that match resources of type.
Either resourceId or resourceType should be provided.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/stack-monitoring/resource/search-associated-resources.html#cmdoption-compartment-id

       oci stack-monitoring resource search-associated-resources --compartment-id $compartment_id
