"search"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Gets a list of all monitored resources in a compartment for the given
search criteria.


Usage
=====

   oci stack-monitoring resource search [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

Compartment Identifier OCID.


Optional Parameters
===================

--compartment-ids [complex type]

Multiple compartment identifiers OCID. This is a complex type whose
value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the
command line or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file
syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--exclude-fields [text]

Partial response refers to an optimization technique offered by the
RESTful web APIs, to return all the information except the fields
requested to be excluded (excludeFields) by the client. In this
mechanism, the client sends the exclude field names as the query
parameters for an API to the server, and the server trims down the
default response content by removing the fields that are not required
by the client. The parameter controls which fields to exlude and to
return and should be a query string parameter called “excludeFields”
of an array type, provide the values as enums, and use
collectionFormat.

--external-id [text]

External resource is any OCI resource identifier OCID which is not a
Stack Monitoring service resource. Currently supports only following
resource types - Container database, non-container database, pluggable
database and OCI compute instance.

--fields [text]

Partial response refers to an optimization technique offered by the
RESTful web APIs, to return only the information (fields) required by
the client. In this mechanism, the client sends the required field
names as the query parameters for an API to the server, and the server
trims down the default response content by removing the fields that
are not required by the client. The parameter controls which fields to
return and should be a query string parameter called “fields” of an
array type, provide the values as enums, and use collectionFormat.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--host-name [text]

A filter to return resources with host name match.

--host-name-contains [text]

A filter to return resources with host name pattern.

--if-match [text]

For optimistic concurrency control. In the PUT or DELETE call for a
resource, set the *if-match* parameter to the value of the etag from a
previous GET or POST response for that resource. The resource will be
updated or deleted only if the etag you provide matches the resource’s
current etag value.

--license [text]

License edition of the monitored resource.

Accepted values are:

   ENTERPRISE_EDITION, ENTERPRISE_EDITION_FOR_GPU_INFRASTRUCTURE, STANDARD_EDITION

--lifecycle-state [text]

A filter to return resources with matching lifecycle state.

Accepted values are:

   ACTIVE, CREATING, DELETED, DELETING, FAILED, INACTIVE, UPDATING

--lifecycle-states [complex type]

Multiple lifecycle states filter.

This option is a JSON list with items of type ResourceLifecycleState.
For documentation on ResourceLifecycleState please see our API
reference: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/stackmonitoring/202
10330/datatypes/ResourceLifecycleState. This is a complex type whose
value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the
command line or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file
syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--limit [integer]

For list pagination. The maximum number of results per page, or items
to return in a paginated “List” call. For important details about how
pagination works, see List Pagination.

--management-agent-id [text]

A filter to return resources with matching management agent id.

--name [text]

A filter to return resources that match exact resource name.

--name-contains [text]

A filter to return resources that match resource name pattern given.
The match is not case sensitive.

--page [text]

For list pagination. The value of the *opc-next-page* response header
from the previous “List” call. For important details about how
pagination works, see List Pagination.

--property-equals [complex type]

Criteria based on resource property. This is a complex type whose
value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the
command line or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file
syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--resource-category [text]

Resource category filter.

Accepted values are:

   APPLICATION, DATABASE, INFRASTRUCTURE, MIDDLEWARE, UNKNOWN

--resource-time-zone [text]

Time zone in the form of tz database canonical zone ID. Specifies the
preference with a value that uses the IANA Time Zone Database format
(x-obmcs-time-zone). For example - America/Los_Angeles

--sort-by [text]

The field to sort by. Only one sort order may be provided. Default
order for timeCreated is descending. Default order for resources is
ascending.

Accepted values are:

   RESOURCE_NAME, TIME_CREATED

--sort-order [text]

The sort order to use, either ‘ASC’ or ‘DESC’.

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC

--source-type [text]

Source type filter.

Accepted values are:

   COLLECTD, OCI_NATIVE, PROMETHEUS, SM_MGMT_AGENT_MONITORED, SM_REPO_ONLY, TELEGRAF

--time-created-greater-than-or-equal-to [datetime]

Search for resources that were created within a specific date range,
using this parameter to specify the earliest creation date for the
returned list (inclusive). Specifying this parameter without the
corresponding *timeCreatedLessThan* parameter will retrieve resources
created from the given *timeCreatedGreaterThanOrEqualTo* to the
current time, in “YYYY-MM-ddThh:mmZ” format with a Z offset, as
defined by RFC 3339.

**Example:** 2016-12-19T16:39:57.600Z

   The following datetime formats are supported:


UTC with microseconds
---------------------

   Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.ssssssTZD
   Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00.123456Z

   UTC with milliseconds
   ***********************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.sssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00.123Z

   UTC without milliseconds
   **************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00Z

   UTC with minute precision
   **************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mmTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T20:30Z


Timezone with microseconds
--------------------------

   Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
   Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456789-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456789-0800

   Timezone with milliseconds
   ***************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456-0800

   Timezone without milliseconds
   *******************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00-0800

   Timezone with minute precision
   *******************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mmTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T12:30-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30-0800

   Short date and time
   ********************
   The timezone for this date and time will be taken as UTC (Needs to be surrounded by single or double quotes)

   .. code::

       Format: 'YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm' or "YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm"
       Example: '2017-09-15 17:25'

   Date Only
   **********
   This date will be taken as midnight UTC of that day

   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DD
       Example: 2017-09-15

   Epoch seconds
   **************
   .. code::

       Example: 1412195400

--time-created-less-than [datetime]

Search for resources that were created within a specific date range,
using this parameter to specify the latest creation date for the
returned list (exclusive). Specifying this parameter without the
corresponding *timeCreatedGreaterThanOrEqualTo* parameter will
retrieve all resources created before the specified end date, in
“YYYY-MM-ddThh:mmZ” format with a Z offset, as defined by RFC 3339.

**Example:** 2016-12-19T16:39:57.600Z

   The following datetime formats are supported:


UTC with microseconds
---------------------

   Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.ssssssTZD
   Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00.123456Z

   UTC with milliseconds
   ***********************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.sssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00.123Z

   UTC without milliseconds
   **************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00Z

   UTC with minute precision
   **************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mmTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T20:30Z


Timezone with microseconds
--------------------------

   Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
   Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456789-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456789-0800

   Timezone with milliseconds
   ***************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456-0800

   Timezone without milliseconds
   *******************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00-0800

   Timezone with minute precision
   *******************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mmTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T12:30-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30-0800

   Short date and time
   ********************
   The timezone for this date and time will be taken as UTC (Needs to be surrounded by single or double quotes)

   .. code::

       Format: 'YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm' or "YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm"
       Example: '2017-09-15 17:25'

   Date Only
   **********
   This date will be taken as midnight UTC of that day

   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DD
       Example: 2017-09-15

   Epoch seconds
   **************
   .. code::

       Example: 1412195400

--time-updated-greater-than-or-equal-to [datetime]

Search for resources that were updated within a specific date range,
using this parameter to specify the earliest update date for the
returned list (inclusive). Specifying this parameter without the
corresponding *timeUpdatedLessThan* parameter will retrieve resources
updated from the given *timeUpdatedGreaterThanOrEqualTo* to the
current time, in “YYYY-MM-ddThh:mmZ” format with a Z offset, as
defined by RFC 3339.

**Example:** 2016-12-19T16:39:57.600Z

   The following datetime formats are supported:


UTC with microseconds
---------------------

   Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.ssssssTZD
   Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00.123456Z

   UTC with milliseconds
   ***********************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.sssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00.123Z

   UTC without milliseconds
   **************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00Z

   UTC with minute precision
   **************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mmTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T20:30Z


Timezone with microseconds
--------------------------

   Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
   Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456789-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456789-0800

   Timezone with milliseconds
   ***************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456-0800

   Timezone without milliseconds
   *******************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00-0800

   Timezone with minute precision
   *******************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mmTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T12:30-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30-0800

   Short date and time
   ********************
   The timezone for this date and time will be taken as UTC (Needs to be surrounded by single or double quotes)

   .. code::

       Format: 'YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm' or "YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm"
       Example: '2017-09-15 17:25'

   Date Only
   **********
   This date will be taken as midnight UTC of that day

   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DD
       Example: 2017-09-15

   Epoch seconds
   **************
   .. code::

       Example: 1412195400

--time-updated-less-than [datetime]

Search for resources that were updated within a specific date range,
using this parameter to specify the latest creation date for the
returned list (exclusive). Specifying this parameter without the
corresponding *timeUpdatedGreaterThanOrEqualTo* parameter will
retrieve all resources updated before the specified end date, in
“YYYY-MM-ddThh:mmZ” format with a Z offset, as defined by RFC 3339.

**Example:** 2016-12-19T16:39:57.600Z

   The following datetime formats are supported:


UTC with microseconds
---------------------

   Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.ssssssTZD
   Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00.123456Z

   UTC with milliseconds
   ***********************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.sssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00.123Z

   UTC without milliseconds
   **************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00Z

   UTC with minute precision
   **************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mmTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T20:30Z


Timezone with microseconds
--------------------------

   Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
   Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456789-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456789-0800

   Timezone with milliseconds
   ***************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456-0800

   Timezone without milliseconds
   *******************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00-0800

   Timezone with minute precision
   *******************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mmTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T12:30-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30-0800

   Short date and time
   ********************
   The timezone for this date and time will be taken as UTC (Needs to be surrounded by single or double quotes)

   .. code::

       Format: 'YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm' or "YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm"
       Example: '2017-09-15 17:25'

   Date Only
   **********
   This date will be taken as midnight UTC of that day

   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DD
       Example: 2017-09-15

   Epoch seconds
   **************
   .. code::

       Example: 1412195400

--type [text]

A filter to return resources that match resource type.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/stack-monitoring/resource/search.html#cmdoption-compartment-id

       oci stack-monitoring resource search --compartment-id $compartment_id
