"create-replication-policy"
***************************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter

* Other Examples


Description
===========

Creates a replication policy for the specified bucket.


Usage
=====

   oci os replication create-replication-policy [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--bucket-name, --bucket, -bn [text]

The name of the bucket. Avoid entering confidential information.
Example: *my-new-bucket1*

--destination-bucket [text]

The bucket to replicate to in the destination region. Replication
policy creation does not automatically create a destination bucket.
Create the destination bucket before creating the policy.

--destination-region [text]

The destination region to replicate to, for example “us-ashburn-1”.

--name [text]

The name of the policy. Avoid entering confidential information.


Optional Parameters
===================

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--namespace-name, --namespace, -ns [text]

The Object Storage namespace used for the request. If not provided,
this parameter will be obtained internally using a call to ‘oci os ns
get’


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export bucket_name=<substitute-value-of-bucket_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/os/replication/create-replication-policy.html#cmdoption-bucket-name
       export destination_bucket=<substitute-value-of-destination_bucket> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/os/replication/create-replication-policy.html#cmdoption-destination-bucket
       export destination_region=<substitute-value-of-destination_region> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/os/replication/create-replication-policy.html#cmdoption-destination-region
       export name=<substitute-value-of-name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/os/replication/create-replication-policy.html#cmdoption-name

       oci os replication create-replication-policy --bucket-name $bucket_name --destination-bucket $destination_bucket --destination-region $destination_region --name $name


Other Examples
==============


Description
-----------

Creates a replication policy for the specified bucket.


Command
-------

    oci os replication create-replication-policy -bn bucket-client --destination-region us-phoenix-1 --destination-bucket cli-test --name replication-policy-1


Output
------

   {
    "data": {
         "destination-bucket-name": "cli-test",
         "destination-region-name": "us-phoenix-1",
         "id": "dd3052ce-aac4-4fd4-9604-7a944ca11f02",
         "name": "replication-policy-1",
         "status": "ACTIVE",
         "status-message": "The policy is active.",
         "time-created": "2022-12-22T08:12:14+00:00",
         "time-last-sync": null
    }
   }


Description
-----------

Creates a replication policy for the specified bucket in specified
namespace.


Command
-------

    oci os replication create-replication-policy -bn bucket-client --destination-region us-phoenix-1 --destination-bucket cli-test-2 --name replication-policy-2 -ns bmcostests


Output
------

   {
    "data": {
         "destination-bucket-name": "cli-test",
         "destination-region-name": "us-phoenix-1",
         "id": "dd3052ce-aac4-4fd4-9604-7a944ca11f02",
         "name": "replication-policy-1",
         "status": "ACTIVE",
         "status-message": "The policy is active.",
         "time-created": "2022-12-22T08:12:14+00:00",
         "time-last-sync": null
    }
   }


Description
-----------

Creates a replication policy for the specified bucket with specified
name.


Command
-------

    oci os replication create-replication-policy  --destination-region us-phoenix-1 --destination-bucket cli-test --from-json '{"bucket":"bucket-client","name":"replication-policy","namespace":"bmcostests"}'


Output
------

   {
    "data": {
         "destination-bucket-name": "cli-test",
         "destination-region-name": "us-phoenix-1",
         "id": "629fc277-3010-4fc4-bce1-72ca2f812c5b",
         "name": "replication-policy",
         "status": "ACTIVE",
         "status-message": "The policy is active.",
         "time-created": "2022-12-22T08:24:28+00:00",
         "time-last-sync": null
    }
   }
