"list"
******

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Retrieves a list of VulnerabilitySummary objects in a compartment. You
can filter and sort the vulnerabilities by problem severity and time
and type. A vulnerability describes a security issue that was detected
in scans of one or more compute instances, container images.


Usage
=====

   oci vulnerability-scanning vulnerability list [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The ID of the compartment in which to list resources.


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--limit [integer]

The maximum number of items to return.

--name [text]

A filter to return only resources that match the entire name given.

--page [text]

The page token representing the page at which to start retrieving
results. This is usually retrieved from a previous list call.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--severity [text]

A filter to return only resources that have a severity that matches
the given severity

Accepted values are:

   CRITICAL, HIGH, LOW, MEDIUM, NONE

--sort-by [text]

The field to sort by. Only one sort order may be provided. Default
order for ‘name’ is Ascending. Default order for other values is
descending. If no value is specified name is default.

Accepted values are:

   firstDetected, impactedContainers, impactedHosts, impactedResources, lastDetected, name, severity

--sort-order [text]

The sort order to use, either ‘ASC’ or ‘DESC’.

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC

--vulnerability-reference [text]

Parameter to filter the vulnerability type’s unique identifier. For
CVE, this is the MITRE CVE ID

--vulnerability-type [text]

The field to filter vulnerabilities based on its type. Only one value
can be provided.

Accepted values are:

   CVE, PROBLEM


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/vulnerability-scanning/vulnerability/list.html#cmdoption-compartment-id

       oci vulnerability-scanning vulnerability list --compartment-id $compartment_id
