"deactivate"
************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Deactivates a set of attributes for the given APM Domain.  The API is
case in-sensitive.  Any duplicates present in the bulk deactivation
request are deduplicated and only unique attributes are deactivated.
A maximum number of 700 string attributes and 100 numeric attributes
can be deactivated in an APM Domain subject to the available string
and numeric slots.  Out of box attributes (Trace and Span) cannot be
deactivated, and will result in a processing error.  Once an attribute
has been deactivated, it may take sometime for it to disappear in
searches as ingest might not have picked up the changes or any
associated caches might not have refreshed.  The bulk deactivation
operation is atomic, and the operation succeeds only if all the
attributes in the request have been processed successfully and they
get a success status back.  If the processing of any attribute results
in a processing or validation error, then none of the attributes in
the bulk request are deactivated.


Usage
=====

   oci apm-traces attributes deactivate [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--apm-domain-id [text]

The APM Domain ID for the intended request.

--attribute-details [complex type]

Collection of objects containing the details about individual
attribute to be de-activated.

This option is a JSON list with items of type
BulkDeActivateAttributeDetail.  For documentation on
BulkDeActivateAttributeDetail please see our API reference: https://d
ocs.cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/attributes/20200630/datatypes/BulkDeAct
ivateAttributeDetail. [

   {
      “attributeName”: “<Name of the attribute to be de-activated>”,
      “attributeNamespace”: “<TRACES|SYNTHETIC>”

   }

]

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.


Optional Parameters
===================

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy and paste the following example into a JSON file, replacing the
example parameters with your own.

       oci apm-traces attributes deactivate --generate-param-json-input attribute-details > attribute-details.json

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export apm_domain_id=<substitute-value-of-apm_domain_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/apm-traces/attributes/deactivate.html#cmdoption-apm-domain-id

       oci apm-traces attributes deactivate --apm-domain-id $apm_domain_id --attribute-details file://attribute-details.json
