"convert-to-new-pdb-precheck"
*****************************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

An Oracle database on a bare metal or virtual machine DB system. For
more information, see Bare Metal and Virtual Machine DB Systems. To
use any of the API operations, you must be authorized in an IAM
policy. If you’re not authorized, talk to an administrator. If you’re
an administrator who needs to write policies to give users access, see
Getting Started with Policies. **Warning:** Oracle recommends that you
avoid using any confidential information when you supply string values
using the API.


Usage
=====

   oci db database convert-to-new-pdb-precheck [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--cdb-admin-password [text]

A strong password for SYS, SYSTEM, and the plugbable database ADMIN
user of the container database after conversion. The password must be
at least nine characters and contain at least two uppercase, two
lowercase, two numeric, and two special characters. The special
characters must be _, #, or -.

--cdb-name [text]

The database name. The name must begin with an alphabetic character
and can contain a maximum of 14 alphanumeric characters. Special
characters are not permitted. The database name must be unique in the
tenancy.

--database-id [text]

The database OCID.

--non-cdb-tde-password [text]

The existing TDE wallet password of the non-container database.


Optional Parameters
===================

--additional-cdb-params [text]

Additional container database parameters. Example:
“_pdb_name_case_sensitive=true”

--cdb-tde-password [text]

The database name. The name must begin with an alphabetic character
and can contain a maximum of 14 alphanumeric characters. Special
characters are not permitted. The database name must be unique in the
tenancy.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--if-match [text]

For optimistic concurrency control. In the PUT or DELETE call for a
resource, set the *if-match* parameter to the value of the etag from a
previous GET or POST response for that resource.  The resource will be
updated or deleted only if the etag you provide matches the resource’s
current etag value.

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the resource to reach the lifecycle state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--pdb-admin-password [text]

A strong password for plugbable database ADMIN user of the container
database after conversion. The password must be at least nine
characters and contain at least two uppercase, two lowercase, two
numeric, and two special characters. The special characters must be _,
#, or -.

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation creates, modifies or deletes a resource that has a
defined lifecycle state. Specify this option to perform the action and
then wait until the resource reaches a given lifecycle state. Multiple
states can be specified, returning on the first state. For example, "
--wait-for-state" SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on
whichever lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a
return code of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1
is returned.

Accepted values are:

   AVAILABLE, BACKUP_IN_PROGRESS, CONVERTING, FAILED, PROVISIONING, RESTORE_FAILED, TERMINATED, TERMINATING, UPDATING, UPGRADING

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the resource has
reached the lifecycle state defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to
30 seconds.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export db_system_id=<substitute-value-of-db_system_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/db-home/create.html#cmdoption-db-system-id
       export admin_password=<substitute-value-of-admin_password> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/database/create.html#cmdoption-admin-password
       export db_name=<substitute-value-of-db_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/database/create.html#cmdoption-db-name
       export cdb_admin_password=<substitute-value-of-cdb_admin_password> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/database/convert-to-new-pdb-precheck.html#cmdoption-cdb-admin-password
       export cdb_name=<substitute-value-of-cdb_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/database/convert-to-new-pdb-precheck.html#cmdoption-cdb-name
       export non_cdb_tde_password=<substitute-value-of-non_cdb_tde_password> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/database/convert-to-new-pdb-precheck.html#cmdoption-non-cdb-tde-password

       db_home_id=$(oci db db-home create --db-system-id $db_system_id --query data.id --raw-output)

       database_id=$(oci db database create --admin-password $admin_password --db-home-id $db_home_id --db-name $db_name --db-system-id $db_system_id --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci db database convert-to-new-pdb-precheck --cdb-admin-password $cdb_admin_password --cdb-name $cdb_name --database-id $database_id --non-cdb-tde-password $non_cdb_tde_password
