"list"
******

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Lists all databases in a given DB System.


Usage
=====

   oci db database list [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The compartment OCID.


Optional Parameters
===================

--backup-id [text]

The OCID of the backup. Specify a backupId to list only the DB systems
or DB homes that support creating a database using this backup in this
compartment.

--db-system-id [text]

The OCID of the db system to list within.

--display-name [text]

A filter to return only resources that match the entire display name
given. The match is not case sensitive.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--lifecycle-state [text]

A filter to return only resources that match the given lifecycle state
exactly.

Accepted values are:

   AVAILABLE, FAILED, PROVISIONING, TERMINATED, TERMINATING, UPDATING

--limit [integer]

The maximum number of items to return per page.

--sort-by [text]

The field to sort by.  You can provide one sort order (*sortOrder*).
Default order for TIMECREATED is descending.  Default order for
DISPLAYNAME is ascending. The DISPLAYNAME sort order is case
sensitive.

Accepted values are:

   DISPLAYNAME, TIMECREATED

--sort-order [text]

The sort order to use, either ascending (*ASC*) or descending
(*DESC*).

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC

--vm-cluster-id [text]

The OCID of the VM cluster.

--vm-cluster-id [text]

The OCID of the vm cluster to list within.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/database/list.html#cmdoption-compartment-id

       oci db database list --compartment-id $compartment_id
