"change-dataguard-role"
***********************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Switch the Autonomous Container Database role between Standby and
Snapshot Standby. For more information about changing Autonomous
Container Databases Dataguard Role, see Convert Physical Standby to
Snapshot Standby and Convert Snapshot Standby to Physical Standby.


Usage
=====

   oci db autonomous-container-database change-dataguard-role [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--autonomous-container-database-dataguard-association-id [text]

The Autonomous Container Database-Autonomous Data Guard association
OCID.

--autonomous-container-database-id [text]

The Autonomous Container Database OCID.

--role [text]

The Data Guard role of the Autonomous Container Database or Autonomous
Database, if Autonomous Data Guard is enabled.

Accepted values are:

   BACKUP_COPY, DISABLED_STANDBY, PRIMARY, SNAPSHOT_STANDBY, STANDBY


Optional Parameters
===================

--connection-strings-type [text]

type of connection strings when converting database to snapshot mode

Accepted values are:

   PRIMARY_SERVICES, SNAPSHOT_SERVICES

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--if-match [text]

For optimistic concurrency control. In the PUT or DELETE call for a
resource, set the *if-match* parameter to the value of the etag from a
previous GET or POST response for that resource.  The resource will be
updated or deleted only if the etag you provide matches the resource’s
current etag value.

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the resource to reach the lifecycle state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation creates, modifies or deletes a resource that has a
defined lifecycle state. Specify this option to perform the action and
then wait until the resource reaches a given lifecycle state. Multiple
states can be specified, returning on the first state. For example, "
--wait-for-state" SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on
whichever lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a
return code of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1
is returned.

Accepted values are:

   AVAILABLE, BACKUP_IN_PROGRESS, ENABLING_AUTONOMOUS_DATA_GUARD, FAILED, MAINTENANCE_IN_PROGRESS, PROVISIONING, RESTARTING, RESTORE_FAILED, RESTORING, ROLE_CHANGE_IN_PROGRESS, TERMINATED, TERMINATING, UNAVAILABLE, UPDATING

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the resource has
reached the lifecycle state defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to
30 seconds.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export display_name=<substitute-value-of-display_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/autonomous-container-database/create.html#cmdoption-display-name
       export patch_model=<substitute-value-of-patch_model> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/autonomous-container-database/create.html#cmdoption-patch-model
       export autonomous_container_database_dataguard_association_id=<substitute-value-of-autonomous_container_database_dataguard_association_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/autonomous-container-database/change-dataguard-role.html#cmdoption-autonomous-container-database-dataguard-association-id
       export role=<substitute-value-of-role> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/autonomous-container-database/change-dataguard-role.html#cmdoption-role

       autonomous_container_database_id=$(oci db autonomous-container-database create --display-name $display_name --patch-model $patch_model --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci db autonomous-container-database change-dataguard-role --autonomous-container-database-dataguard-association-id $autonomous_container_database_dataguard_association_id --autonomous-container-database-id $autonomous_container_database_id --role $role
