"list"
******

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Lists the PublicIp objects in the specified compartment. You can
filter the list by using query parameters.

To list your reserved public IPs:   * Set *scope* = *REGION*
(required)   * Leave the *availabilityDomain* parameter empty   * Set
*lifetime* = *RESERVED*

To list the ephemeral public IPs assigned to a regional entity such as
a NAT gateway:   * Set *scope* = *REGION*  (required)   * Leave the
*availabilityDomain* parameter empty   * Set *lifetime* = *EPHEMERAL*

To list the ephemeral public IPs assigned to private IPs:   * Set
*scope* = *AVAILABILITY_DOMAIN* (required)   * Set the
*availabilityDomain* parameter to the desired availability domain
(required)   * Set *lifetime* = *EPHEMERAL*

**Note:** An ephemeral public IP assigned to a private IP is always in
the same availability domain and compartment as the private IP.


Usage
=====

   oci network public-ip list [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment.

--scope [text]

Whether the public IP is regional or specific to a particular
availability domain.

* *REGION*: The public IP exists within a region and is assigned to a
  regional entity (such as a NatGateway), or can be assigned to a
  private IP in any availability domain in the region. Reserved public
  IPs have *scope* = *REGION*, as do ephemeral public IPs assigned to
  a regional entity.

* *AVAILABILITY_DOMAIN*: The public IP exists within the availability
  domain of the entity it’s assigned to, which is specified by the
  *availabilityDomain* property of the public IP object. Ephemeral
  public IPs that are assigned to private IPs have *scope* =
  *AVAILABILITY_DOMAIN*.

Accepted values are:

   AVAILABILITY_DOMAIN, REGION


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--availability-domain [text]

The name of the availability domain.

Example:

   Uocm:PHX-AD-1

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--lifetime [text]

A filter to return only public IPs that match given lifetime.

Accepted values are:

   EPHEMERAL, RESERVED

--limit [integer]

For list pagination. The maximum number of results per page, or items
to return in a paginated “List” call. For important details about how
pagination works, see List Pagination.

Example:

   50

--page [text]

For list pagination. The value of the *opc-next-page* response header
from the previous “List” call. For important details about how
pagination works, see List Pagination.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--public-ip-pool-id [text]

A filter to return only resources that belong to the given public IP
pool.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/network/public-ip/list.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export scope=<substitute-value-of-scope> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/network/public-ip/list.html#cmdoption-scope

       oci network public-ip list --compartment-id $compartment_id --scope $scope
