"batch-get-basic-info"
**********************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Lists basic information about a specified set of labels in batch.


Usage
=====

   oci log-analytics label batch-get-basic-info [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--is-include-deleted [boolean]

A flag specifying whether or not to include information on deleted
labels.

--namespace-name [text]

The Logging Analytics namespace used for the request.


Optional Parameters
===================

--basic-label-sort-by [text]

The attribute used to sort the returned labels

Accepted values are:

   name, priority

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--label-names [complex type]

An array of label names. This is a complex type whose value must be
valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the command line
or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--limit [integer]

The maximum number of items to return.

--page [text]

The page token representing the page at which to start retrieving
results. This is usually retrieved from a previous list call.

--sort-order [text]

The sort order to use, either ascending (*ASC*) or descending
(*DESC*).

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export is_include_deleted=<substitute-value-of-is_include_deleted> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/log-analytics/label/batch-get-basic-info.html#cmdoption-is-include-deleted
       export namespace_name=<substitute-value-of-namespace_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/log-analytics/label/batch-get-basic-info.html#cmdoption-namespace-name

       oci log-analytics label batch-get-basic-info --is-include-deleted $is_include_deleted --namespace-name $namespace_name
