"list"
******

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Lists all statements for a Session run.


Usage
=====

   oci data-flow statement list [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--run-id [text]

The unique ID for the run


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--lifecycle-state [text]

The LifecycleState of the statement.

Accepted values are:

   ACCEPTED, CANCELLED, CANCELLING, FAILED, IN_PROGRESS, SUCCEEDED

--limit [integer]

The maximum number of results to return in a paginated *List* call.

--page [text]

The value of the *opc-next-page* or *opc-prev-page* response header
from the last *List* call to sent back to server for getting the next
page of results.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--sort-by [text]

The field used to sort the results. Multiple fields are not supported.

Accepted values are:

   timeCreated

--sort-order [text]

The ordering of results in ascending or descending order.

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/data-flow/application/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export display_name=<substitute-value-of-display_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/data-flow/application/create.html#cmdoption-display-name
       export driver_shape=<substitute-value-of-driver_shape> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/data-flow/application/create.html#cmdoption-driver-shape
       export executor_shape=<substitute-value-of-executor_shape> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/data-flow/application/create.html#cmdoption-executor-shape
       export language=<substitute-value-of-language> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/data-flow/application/create.html#cmdoption-language
       export num_executors=<substitute-value-of-num_executors> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/data-flow/application/create.html#cmdoption-num-executors
       export spark_version=<substitute-value-of-spark_version> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/data-flow/application/create.html#cmdoption-spark-version

       application_id=$(oci data-flow application create --compartment-id $compartment_id --display-name $display_name --driver-shape $driver_shape --executor-shape $executor_shape --language $language --num-executors $num_executors --spark-version $spark_version --query data.id --raw-output)

       run_id=$(oci data-flow run create --application-id $application_id --compartment-id $compartment_id --display-name $display_name --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci data-flow statement list --run-id $run_id
