"get-ipsec-cpe-device-config-content"
*************************************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Renders a set of CPE configuration content for the specified IPSec
connection (for all the tunnels in the connection). The content helps
a network engineer configure the actual CPE device (for example, a
hardware router) that the specified IPSec connection terminates on.

The rendered content is specific to the type of CPE device (for
example, Cisco ASA). Therefore the Cpe used by the specified
IPSecConnection must have the CPE’s device type specified by the
*cpeDeviceShapeId* attribute. The content optionally includes answers
that the customer provides (see UpdateTunnelCpeDeviceConfig), merged
with a template of other information specific to the CPE device type.

The operation returns configuration information for all tunnels in the
single specified IPSecConnection object. Here are other similar
operations:

   * GetTunnelCpeDeviceConfigContent   returns CPE configuration
     content for a specific tunnel within an IPSec connection.   *
     GetCpeDeviceConfigContent   returns CPE configuration content for
     *all* IPSec connections that use a specific CPE.


Usage
=====

   oci network ip-sec-connection get-ipsec-cpe-device-config-content [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--file [filename]

The name of the file that will receive the response data, or ‘-‘ to
write to STDOUT.

--ipsc-id [text]

The OCID of the IPSec connection.


Optional Parameters
===================

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export file=<substitute-value-of-file> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/network/ip-sec-connection/get-ipsec-cpe-device-config-content.html#cmdoption-file
       export ipsc_id=<substitute-value-of-ipsc_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/network/ip-sec-connection/get-ipsec-cpe-device-config-content.html#cmdoption-ipsc-id

       oci network ip-sec-connection get-ipsec-cpe-device-config-content --file $file --ipsc-id $ipsc_id
