"request-summarized-activity-problems"
**************************************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Returns the summary of problems generated by OCI Activity Detector
rules, identified by parameters specified.

The parameter *accessLevel* specifies whether to return only those
compartments for which the requestor has INSPECT permissions on at
least one resource directly or indirectly (ACCESSIBLE) (the resource
can be in a subcompartment) or to return Not Authorized if Principal
doesn’t have access to even one of the child compartments. This is
valid only when *compartmentIdInSubtree* is set to *true*.

The parameter *compartmentIdInSubtree* applies when you perform
summarize API on the *compartmentId* passed and when it is set to
true, the entire hierarchy of compartments can be returned. To get a
full list of all compartments and subcompartments in the tenancy (root
compartment), set the parameter *compartmentIdInSubtree* to true and
*accessLevel* to ACCESSIBLE.

The compartmentId to be passed with *accessLevel* and
*compartmentIdInSubtree* params has to be the root compartment id
(tenant-id) only.


Usage
=====

   oci cloud-guard activity-problem-aggregation request-summarized-activity-problems [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment in which to list resources.


Optional Parameters
===================

--access-level [text]

Valid values are *RESTRICTED* and *ACCESSIBLE*. Default is
*RESTRICTED*. Setting this to *ACCESSIBLE* returns only those
compartments for which the user has INSPECT permissions directly or
indirectly (permissions can be on a resource in a subcompartment).
When set to *RESTRICTED* permissions are checked and no partial
results are displayed.

Accepted values are:

   ACCESSIBLE, RESTRICTED

--compartment-id-in-subtree [boolean]

Default is false. When set to true, the hierarchy of compartments is
traversed and all compartments and subcompartments in the tenancy are
returned depending on the setting of *accessLevel*.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--include-unknown-locations [boolean]

Default is false. When set to true, the summary of activity problems
that has unknown values for city, state or country will be included.

--limit [integer]

The maximum number of items to return

--page [text]

The page token representing the page at which to start retrieving
results. This is usually retrieved from a previous list call.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/cloud-guard/activity-problem-aggregation/request-summarized-activity-problems.html#cmdoption-compartment-id

       oci cloud-guard activity-problem-aggregation request-summarized-activity-problems --compartment-id $compartment_id
