"list"
******

* Description

* Usage

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Lists the work requests in a compartment.


Usage
=====

   oci adm work-request list [OPTIONS]


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--compartment-id, -c [text]

A filter to return only resources that belong to the specified
compartment identifier. Required only if the id query param is not
specified.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--limit [integer]

The maximum number of items to return.

--page [text]

A token representing the position at which to start retrieving
results. This must come from the *opc-next-page* header field of a
previous response.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--resource-id [text]

The Oracle Cloud Identifier (OCID) of the resource affected by the
work request.

--sort-by [text]

The field used to sort WorkRequests. Only one sort order is allowed.
Default order for _timeAccepted_ is **descending**.

Accepted values are:

   timeAccepted

--sort-order [text]

The sort order to use, either ‘ASC’ or ‘DESC’.

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC

--status [text]

A filter to return only resources that match the specified
OperationStatus.

Accepted values are:

   ACCEPTED, CANCELED, CANCELING, FAILED, IN_PROGRESS, SUCCEEDED, WAITING

--work-request-id [text]

The identifier of the asynchronous work request.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       oci adm work-request list
