"list"
******

* Description

* Usage

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Lists snapshots of the specified file system, or by file system
snapshot policy and compartment, or by file system snapshot policy and
file system.

If file system ID is not specified, a file system snapshot policy ID
and compartment ID must be specified.

Users can only sort by time created when listing snapshots by file
system snapshot policy ID and compartment ID (sort by name is NOT
supported for listing snapshots by policy and compartment).


Usage
=====

   oci fs snapshot list [OPTIONS]


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment.

--file-system-id [text]

The OCID of the file system.

--filesystem-snapshot-policy-id [text]

The OCID of the file system snapshot policy that is used to create the
snapshots.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--id [text]

Filter results by OCID. Must be an OCID of the correct type for the
resouce type.

--lifecycle-state [text]

Filter results by the specified lifecycle state. Must be a valid state
for the resource type.

Accepted values are:

   ACTIVE, CREATING, DELETED, DELETING, FAILED, UPDATING

--limit [integer]

For list pagination. The maximum number of results per page, or items
to return in a paginated “List” call. 1 is the minimum, 100 is the
maximum.

For important details about how pagination works, see List Pagination.

Example:

   100

--page [text]

For list pagination. The value of the *opc-next-page* response header
from the previous “List” call.

For important details about how pagination works, see List Pagination.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--sort-order [text]

The sort order to use, either ‘asc’ or ‘desc’, where ‘asc’ is
ascending and ‘desc’ is descending. The default order is ‘desc’ except
for numeric values.

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"
