"list"
******

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Returns a list of Management Agent.


Usage
=====

   oci management-agent agent list [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment to which a request will be scoped.


Optional Parameters
===================

--access-level [text]

When the value is “ACCESSIBLE”, insufficient permissions for a
compartment will filter out resources in that compartment without
rejecting the request.

--agent-version [text]

Filter to return only Management Agents having the particular agent
version.

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--availability-status [text]

Filter to return only Management Agents in the particular availability
status.

Accepted values are:

   ACTIVE, NOT_AVAILABLE, SILENT

--compartment-id-in-subtree [boolean]

if set to true then it fetches resources for all compartments where
user has access to else only on the compartment specified.

--data-source-name [text]

Unique name of the dataSource.

--data-source-type [text]

The type of the dataSource.

Accepted values are:

   KUBERNETES_CLUSTER, PROMETHEUS_EMITTER

--display-name [text]

Filter to return only Management Agents having the particular display
name.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--gateway-id [text]

Filter to return only results having the particular gatewayId.

--host-id [text]

Filter to return only Management Agents having the particular agent
host id.

--install-type [text]

A filter to return either agents or gateway types depending upon
install type selected by user. By default both install type will be
returned.

Accepted values are:

   AGENT, GATEWAY

--is-customer-deployed [boolean]

true, if the agent image is manually downloaded and installed. false,
if the agent is deployed as a plugin in Oracle Cloud Agent.

--lifecycle-state [text]

Filter to return only Management Agents in the particular lifecycle
state.

Accepted values are:

   ACTIVE, CREATING, DELETED, DELETING, FAILED, INACTIVE, TERMINATED, UPDATING

--limit [integer]

The maximum number of items to return.

--page [text]

The page token representing the page at which to start retrieving
results. This is usually retrieved from a previous list call.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--platform-type [text]

Filter to return only results having the particular platform type.

Accepted values are:

   LINUX, MACOSX, SOLARIS, WINDOWS

--plugin-name [text]

Filter to return only Management Agents having the particular Plugin
installed. A special pluginName of ‘None’ can be provided and this
will return only Management Agents having no plugin installed.

--sort-by [text]

The field to sort by. Only one sort order may be provided. Default
order for timeCreated is descending. Default order for displayName is
ascending. If no value is specified timeCreated is default.

Accepted values are:

   availabilityStatus, displayName, host, platformType, pluginDisplayNames, timeCreated, version

--sort-order [text]

The sort order to use, either ‘asc’ or ‘desc’.

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/management-agent/agent/list.html#cmdoption-compartment-id

       oci management-agent agent list --compartment-id $compartment_id
