"summarize-agent-counts"
************************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Gets count of the inventory of agents for a given compartment id,
group by, and isPluginDeployed parameters. Supported groupBy
parameters: availabilityStatus, platformType, version


Usage
=====

   oci management-agent agent summarize-agent-counts [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment to which a request will be scoped.

--group-by [text]

The field by which to group Management Agents. Currently, only one
groupBy dimension is supported at a time.

Accepted values are:

   availabilityStatus, platformType, version


Optional Parameters
===================

--compartment-id-in-subtree [boolean]

if set to true then it fetches resources for all compartments where
user has access to else only on the compartment specified.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--has-plugins [boolean]

When set to true then agents that have at least one plugin deployed
will be returned. When set to false only agents that have no plugins
deployed will be returned.

--install-type [text]

A filter to return either agents or gateway types depending upon
install type selected by user. By default both install type will be
returned.

Accepted values are:

   AGENT, GATEWAY

--page [text]

The page token representing the page at which to start retrieving
results. This is usually retrieved from a previous list call.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/management-agent/agent/summarize-agent-counts.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export group_by=<substitute-value-of-group_by> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/management-agent/agent/summarize-agent-counts.html#cmdoption-group-by

       oci management-agent agent summarize-agent-counts --compartment-id $compartment_id --group-by $group_by
