"request-summarized-responder-executions"
*****************************************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Returns the number of responder executions, identified by parameters
specified, in a page of ResponderExecutionAggregation resources.

Setting accessLevel to ACCESSIBLE returns only those compartments for
which the user has INSPECT permissions, directly or indirectly
(permissions can be on a resource in a subcompartment). “Not
Authorized” is returned if user doesn’t have access to at least one of
the child compartments. When accessLevel is set to RESTRICTED,
permissions are checked and no partial results are displayed. This is
valid only when compartmentIdInSubtree is set to true.

Setting accessLevel to ACCESSIBLE returns only those compartments for
which the user has INSPECT permissions, directly or indirectly
(permissions can be on a resource in a subcompartment). “Not
Authorized” is returned if user doesn’t have access to at least one of
the child compartments. When accessLevel is set to RESTRICTED,
permissions are checked and no partial results are displayed. This is
valid only when compartmentIdInSubtree is set to true.


Usage
=====

   oci cloud-guard responder-execution-aggregation request-summarized-responder-executions [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment in which to list resources.

--responder-executions-dimensions [text]

The possible attributes based on which the responder executions can be
distinguished.

Accepted values are:

   RESPONDER_EXECUTION_STATUS, RESPONDER_RULE_TYPE


Optional Parameters
===================

--access-level [text]

Valid values are *RESTRICTED* and *ACCESSIBLE*. Default is
*RESTRICTED*. Setting this to *ACCESSIBLE* returns only those
compartments for which the user has INSPECT permissions directly or
indirectly (permissions can be on a resource in a subcompartment).
When set to *RESTRICTED* permissions are checked and no partial
results are displayed.

Accepted values are:

   ACCESSIBLE, RESTRICTED

--compartment-id-in-subtree [boolean]

Default is false. When set to true, the hierarchy of compartments is
traversed and all compartments and subcompartments in the tenancy are
returned depending on the setting of *accessLevel*.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--limit [integer]

The maximum number of items to return

--page [text]

The page token representing the page at which to start retrieving
results. This is usually retrieved from a previous list call.

--responder-execution-status-filter [text]

The possible filters for responder type dimension to distinguish
responder executions. If no values are passed, the metric for
responder executions of all status are returned.

Accepted values are:

   AWAITING_CONFIRMATION, FAILED, SKIPPED, STARTED, SUCCEEDED

--responder-type-filter [text]

The possible filters for responder type dimension to distinguish
responder executions. If no values are passed, the metric for
responder executions of all responder types are returned.

Accepted values are:

   NOTIFICATION, REMEDIATION


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/cloud-guard/responder-execution-aggregation/request-summarized-responder-executions.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export responder_executions_dimensions=<substitute-value-of-responder_executions_dimensions> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/cloud-guard/responder-execution-aggregation/request-summarized-responder-executions.html#cmdoption-responder-executions-dimensions

       oci cloud-guard responder-execution-aggregation request-summarized-responder-executions --compartment-id $compartment_id --responder-executions-dimensions $responder_executions_dimensions
