"list-discovery-job-results"
****************************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Gets a list of discovery results based on the specified query
parameters.


Usage
=====

   oci data-safe discovery-job list-discovery-job-results [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--discovery-job-id [text]

The OCID of the discovery job.


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--column-name [text]

A filter to return only a specific column based on column name.

--discovery-type [text]

A filter to return only the resources that match the specified
discovery type.

Accepted values are:

   ALL, DELETED, MODIFIED, NEW

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--is-result-applied [boolean]

A filter to return the discovery result resources based on the value
of their isResultApplied attribute.

--limit [integer]

For list pagination. The maximum number of items to return per page in
a paginated “List” call. For details about how pagination works, see
List Pagination.

--object-name [text]

A filter to return only items related to a specific object name.

--page [text]

For list pagination. The page token representing the page at which to
start retrieving results. It is usually retrieved from a previous
“List” call. For details about how pagination works, see List
Pagination.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--planned-action [text]

A filter to return only the resources that match the specified planned
action.

Accepted values are:

   ACCEPT, INVALIDATE, NONE, REJECT

--schema-name [text]

A filter to return only items related to specific schema name.

--sort-by [text]

The field to sort by. You can specify only one sorting parameter
(sortOrder). The default order for timeFinished is descending. The
default order for discoveryType, schemaName, objectName, columnName
and plannedAction is ascending.

Accepted values are:

   columnName, discoveryType, objectName, plannedAction, schemaName, timeFinished

--sort-order [text]

The sort order to use, either ascending (ASC) or descending (DESC).

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/data-safe/sensitive-data-model/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export target_id=<substitute-value-of-target_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/data-safe/sensitive-data-model/create.html#cmdoption-target-id

       sensitive_data_model_id=$(oci data-safe sensitive-data-model create --compartment-id $compartment_id --target-id $target_id --query data.id --raw-output)

       discovery_job_id=$(oci data-safe discovery-job create --compartment-id $compartment_id --sensitive-data-model-id $sensitive_data_model_id --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci data-safe discovery-job list-discovery-job-results --discovery-job-id $discovery_job_id
