"change-compartment"
********************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Moves the Operator Control resource into a different compartment. When
provided, ‘If-Match’ is checked against ‘ETag’ values of the resource.


Usage
=====

   oci opctl operator-control change-compartment [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--operator-control-id [text]

unique OperatorControl identifier


Optional Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the new compartment to contain the operator contol.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--if-match [text]

For optimistic concurrency control. In the PUT or DELETE call for a
resource, set the *if-match* parameter to the value of the etag from a
previous GET or POST response for that resource. The resource will be
updated or deleted only if the etag you provide matches the resource’s
current etag value.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy and paste the following example into a JSON file, replacing the
example parameters with your own.

       oci opctl operator-control create --generate-param-json-input approver-groups-list > approver-groups-list.json

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/opctl/operator-control/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export is_fully_pre_approved=<substitute-value-of-is_fully_pre_approved> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/opctl/operator-control/create.html#cmdoption-is-fully-pre-approved
       export operator_control_name=<substitute-value-of-operator_control_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/opctl/operator-control/create.html#cmdoption-operator-control-name
       export resource_type=<substitute-value-of-resource_type> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/opctl/operator-control/create.html#cmdoption-resource-type

       operator_control_id=$(oci opctl operator-control create --approver-groups-list file://approver-groups-list.json --compartment-id $compartment_id --is-fully-pre-approved $is_fully_pre_approved --operator-control-name $operator_control_name --resource-type $resource_type --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci opctl operator-control change-compartment --operator-control-id $operator_control_id
