"assign-ipv6"
*************

* Description

* Usage

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Creates an IPv6 for the specified VNIC.


Usage
=====

   oci network vnic assign-ipv6 [OPTIONS]


Optional Parameters
===================

--defined-tags [complex type]

Defined tags for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a
namespace. For more information, see Resource Tags.

Example:

   {"Operations": {"CostCenter": "42"}}

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--display-name [text]

A user-friendly name. Does not have to be unique, and it’s changeable.
Avoid entering confidential information.

--freeform-tags [complex type]

Free-form tags for this resource. Each tag is a simple key-value pair
with no predefined name, type, or namespace. For more information, see
Resource Tags.

Example:

   {"Department": "Finance"}

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--ip-address [text]

An IPv6 address of your choice. Must be an available IP address within
the subnet’s CIDR. If you don’t specify a value, Oracle automatically
assigns an IPv6 address from the subnet. The subnet is the one that
contains the VNIC you specify in *vnicId*.

Example:

   2001:DB8::

--ipv6-subnet-cidr [text]

The IPv6 prefix allocated to the subnet. This is required if more than
one IPv6 prefix exists on the subnet.

--lifetime [text]

Lifetime of the IP address. There are two types of IPv6 IPs:  -
Ephemeral  - Reserved

Accepted values are:

   EPHEMERAL, RESERVED

--route-table-id [text]

The OCID of the route table the IP address or VNIC will use. For more
information, see Source Based Routing.

--subnet-id [text]

The OCID of the subnet from which the IPv6 is to be drawn. The IP
address, *if supplied*, must be valid for the given subnet, only valid
for reserved IPs currently.

--unassign-if-already-assigned

Force reassignment of the IP address if it’s already assigned to
another VNIC in the subnet. This is only relevant if an IP address is
associated with this command.

--vnic-id [text]

The OCID of the VNIC to assign the IPv6 to. The IPv6 will be in the
VNIC’s subnet.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       oci network vnic assign-ipv6
