"assign-private-ip"
*******************

* Description

* Usage

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Assigns a secondary private IP address to the specified VNIC. The
secondary private IP must be in the same subnet as the VNIC. This
command can also be used to move an existing secondary private IP to
the specified VNIC.

For more information about secondary private IPs, see IP Addresses


Usage
=====

   oci network vnic assign-private-ip [OPTIONS]


Optional Parameters
===================

--defined-tags [complex type]

Defined tags for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a
namespace. For more information, see Resource Tags.

Example:

   {"Operations": {"CostCenter": "42"}}

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--display-name [text]

A user-friendly name. Does not have to be unique, and it’s changeable.
Avoid entering confidential information.

--freeform-tags [complex type]

Free-form tags for this resource. Each tag is a simple key-value pair
with no predefined name, type, or namespace. For more information, see
Resource Tags.

Example:

   {"Department": "Finance"}

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--hostname-label [text]

The hostname for the private IP. Used for DNS. The value is the
hostname portion of the private IP’s fully qualified domain name
(FQDN) (for example, *bminstance1* in FQDN
*bminstance1.subnet123.vcn1.oraclevcn.com*). Must be unique across all
VNICs in the subnet and comply with RFC 952 and RFC 1123.

For more information, see DNS in Your Virtual Cloud Network.

Example:

   bminstance1

--ip-address [text]

A private IP address of your choice. Must be an available IP address
within the subnet’s CIDR. If you don’t specify a value, Oracle
automatically assigns a private IP address from the subnet.

Example:

   10.0.3.3

--lifetime [text]

Lifetime of the IP address. There are two types of IPv6 IPs:  -
Ephemeral  - Reserved

Accepted values are:

   EPHEMERAL, RESERVED

--route-table-id [text]

The OCID of the route table the IP address or VNIC will use. For more
information, see Source Based Routing.

--subnet-id [text]

The OCID of the subnet from which the private IP is to be drawn. The
IP address, *if supplied*, must be valid for the given subnet.

--unassign-if-already-assigned

Force reassignment of the IP address if it’s already assigned to
another VNIC in the subnet. This is only relevant if an IP address is
associated with this command.

--vlan-id [text]

Use this attribute only with the Oracle Cloud VMware Solution.

The OCID of the VLAN from which the private IP is to be drawn. The IP
address, *if supplied*, must be valid for the given VLAN. See Vlan.

--vnic-id [text]

The OCID of the VNIC to assign the private IP to. The VNIC and private
IP must be in the same subnet.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export vnic_id=<substitute-value-of-vnic_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/network/vnic/assign-private-ip.html#cmdoption-vnic-id

       oci network vnic assign-private-ip --vnic-id $vnic_id
