"list"
******

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Gets a list of Awr Hub objects. Awr Hub id needs to specified.


Usage
=====

   oci opsi awr-hub-objects list [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--awr-hub-source-id [text]

Unique Awr Hub Source identifier


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--delimiter [text]

When this parameter is set, only objects whose names do not contain
the delimiter character (after an optionally specified prefix) are
returned in the Awr Hub list objects key of the response body. Scanned
objects whose names contain the delimiter have the part of their name
up to the first occurrence of the delimiter (including the optional
prefix) returned as a set of prefixes. Note that only ‘/’ is a
supported delimiter character at this time.

--end [text]

Object names returned by Awr Hub list objects query must be strictly
less than this parameter.

--fields [text]

By default all the fields are returned. Use this parameter to fetch
specific fields ‘size’, ‘etag’, ‘md5’, ‘timeCreated’, ‘timeModified’,
‘storageTier’ and ‘archivalState’ fields. List the names of those
fields in a comma-separated, case-insensitive list as the value of
this parameter. For example:
‘name,etag,timeCreated,md5,timeModified,storageTier,archivalState’.

Accepted values are:

   archivalState, etag, md5, name, size, storageTier, timeCreated, timeModified

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--limit [integer]

For list pagination. The maximum number of results per page, or items
to return in a paginated “List” call. For important details about how
pagination works, see List Pagination. Example: *50*

--page [text]

For list pagination. The value of the *opc-next-page* response header
from the previous “List” call. For important details about how
pagination works, see List Pagination.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--prefix [text]

The string to use for matching against the start of object names in a
Awr Hub list objects query.

--start [text]

Object names returned by Awr Hub list objects query must be greater or
equal to this parameter.

--start-after [text]

Awr Hub Object name after which remaining objects are listed


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export awr_hub_source_id=<substitute-value-of-awr_hub_source_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/opsi/awr-hub-objects/list.html#cmdoption-awr-hub-source-id

       oci opsi awr-hub-objects list --awr-hub-source-id $awr_hub_source_id
