"recommendations"
*****************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Returns a list of recommendations for the given object and
recommendation type. By default, it will return inferred
recommendations for review. The optional query param
‘RecommendationStatus’ can be set, to return only recommendations
having that status.


Usage
=====

   oci data-catalog catalog recommendations [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--catalog-id [text]

Unique catalog identifier.

--recommendation-type [text]

A filter used to return only recommendations of the specified type.

Accepted values are:

   LINK_GLOSSARY_TERM

--source-object-key [text]

A filter used to provide the unique identifier of the source object,
for which a list of recommendations will be returned for review.

--source-object-type [text]

A filter used to provide the type of the source object, for which a
list of recommendations will be returned for review.

Accepted values are:

   ATTRIBUTE, CATEGORY, DATA_ENTITY, TERM


Optional Parameters
===================

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--recommendation-status [text]

A filter used to return only recommendations having the requested
status.

Accepted values are:

   ACCEPTED, INFERRED, REJECTED


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/data-catalog/catalog/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export recommendation_type=<substitute-value-of-recommendation_type> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/data-catalog/catalog/recommendations.html#cmdoption-recommendation-type
       export source_object_key=<substitute-value-of-source_object_key> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/data-catalog/catalog/recommendations.html#cmdoption-source-object-key
       export source_object_type=<substitute-value-of-source_object_type> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/data-catalog/catalog/recommendations.html#cmdoption-source-object-type

       catalog_id=$(oci data-catalog catalog create --compartment-id $compartment_id --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci data-catalog catalog recommendations --catalog-id $catalog_id --recommendation-type $recommendation_type --source-object-key $source_object_key --source-object-type $source_object_type
