"list"
******

* Description

* Usage

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Search for a user’s own support account.

The top level –endpoint parameter must be supplied for this operation.


Usage
=====

   oci identity-domains my-support-accounts list [OPTIONS]


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--authorization [text]

The Authorization field value consists of credentials containing the
authentication information of the user agent for the realm of the
resource being requested.

--count [integer]

OPTIONAL. An integer that indicates the desired maximum number of
query results per page. 1000 is the largest value that you can use.
See the Pagination section of the System for Cross-Domain Identity
Management Protocol specification for more information. (Section
3.4.2.4).

--filter [text]

OPTIONAL. The filter string that is used to request a subset of
resources. The filter string MUST be a valid filter expression. See
the Filtering section of the SCIM specification for more information
(Section 3.4.2.2). The string should contain at least one condition
that each item must match in order to be returned in the search
results. Each condition specifies an attribute, an operator, and a
value. Conditions within a filter can be connected by logical
operators (such as AND and OR). Sets of conditions can be grouped
together using parentheses.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--limit [integer]

The maximum number of items to return in a paginated ‘List’ call.

--page [text]

The value of the *opc-next-page* response header from the previous
‘List’ call.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--resource-type-schema-version [text]

An endpoint-specific schema version number to use in the Request.
Allowed version values are Earliest Version or Latest Version as
specified in each REST API endpoint description, or any sequential
number inbetween. All schema attributes/body parameters are a part of
version 1. After version 1, any attributes added or deprecated will be
tagged with the version that they were added to or deprecated in. If
no version is provided, the latest schema version is returned.

--sort-by [text]

OPTIONAL. A string that indicates the attribute whose value SHALL be
used to order the returned responses. The sortBy attribute MUST be in
standard attribute notation form. See the Attribute Notation section
of the SCIM specification for more information (Section 3.10). Also,
see the Sorting section of the SCIM specification for more information
(Section 3.4.2.3).

--sort-order [text]

A string that indicates the order in which the sortBy parameter is
applied. Allowed values are ‘ascending’ and ‘descending’. See (Sorting
Section). OPTIONAL.

Accepted values are:

   ASCENDING, DESCENDING

--start-index [integer]

OPTIONAL. An integer that indicates the 1-based index of the first
query result. See the Pagination section of the SCIM specification for
more information. (Section 3.4.2.4). The number of results pages to
return. The first page is 1. Specify 2 to access the second page of
results, and so on.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       oci identity-domains my-support-accounts list
