"list"
******

* Description

* Usage

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Lists export resources by compartment, file system, or export set. You
must specify an export set ID, a file system ID, and / or a
compartment ID.


Usage
=====

   oci fs export list [OPTIONS]


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment.

--export-set-id [text]

The OCID of the export set.

--file-system-id [text]

The OCID of the file system.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--id [text]

Filter results by OCID. Must be an OCID of the correct type for the
resouce type.

--lifecycle-state [text]

Filter results by the specified lifecycle state. Must be a valid state
for the resource type.

Accepted values are:

   ACTIVE, CREATING, DELETED, DELETING, FAILED, UPDATING

--limit [integer]

For list pagination. The maximum number of results per page, or items
to return in a paginated “List” call. 1 is the minimum, 4096 is the
maximum.

For important details about how pagination works, see List Pagination.

Example:

   500

--page [text]

For list pagination. The value of the *opc-next-page* response header
from the previous “List” call.

For important details about how pagination works, see List Pagination.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--sort-by [text]

The field to sort by. You can provide either value, but not both. By
default, when you sort by time created, results are shown in
descending order. When you sort by path, results are shown in
ascending alphanumeric order.

Accepted values are:

   PATH, TIMECREATED

--sort-order [text]

The sort order to use, either ‘asc’ or ‘desc’, where ‘asc’ is
ascending and ‘desc’ is descending. The default order is ‘desc’ except
for numeric values.

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       oci fs export list
