"attach-iscsi-volume"
*********************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Attaches the specified storage volume to the specified instance.


Usage
=====

   oci compute volume-attachment attach-iscsi-volume [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--instance-id [text]

The OCID of the instance. For AttachVolume operation, this is a
required field for the request, see AttachVolume.

--volume-id [text]

The OCID of the volume. If CreateVolumeDetails is specified, this
field must be omitted from the request.


Optional Parameters
===================

--device [text]

The device name. To retrieve a list of devices for a given instance,
see ListInstanceDevices.

--display-name [text]

A user-friendly name. Does not have to be unique, and it’s changeable.
Avoid entering confidential information.

--encryption-in-transit-type [text]

Refer the top-level definition of encryptionInTransitType. The default
value is NONE.

Accepted values are:

   BM_ENCRYPTION_IN_TRANSIT, NONE

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--is-agent-auto-iscsi-login-enabled [boolean]

Whether to enable Oracle Cloud Agent to perform the iSCSI login and
logout commands after the volume attach or detach operations for non
multipath-enabled iSCSI attachments.

--is-read-only [boolean]

Whether the attachment was created in read-only mode.

--is-shareable [boolean]

Whether the attachment should be created in shareable mode. If an
attachment is created in shareable mode, then other instances can
attach the same volume, provided that they also create their
attachments in shareable mode. Only certain volume types can be
attached in shareable mode. Defaults to false if not specified.

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the resource to reach the lifecycle state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--use-chap [boolean]

Whether to use CHAP authentication for the volume attachment. Defaults
to false.

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation creates, modifies or deletes a resource that has a
defined lifecycle state. Specify this option to perform the action and
then wait until the resource reaches a given lifecycle state. Multiple
states can be specified, returning on the first state. For example, "
--wait-for-state" SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on
whichever lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a
return code of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1
is returned.

Accepted values are:

   ATTACHED, ATTACHING, DETACHED, DETACHING

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the resource has
reached the lifecycle state defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to
30 seconds.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export cidr_block=<substitute-value-of-cidr_block> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/network/vcn/create.html#cmdoption-cidr-block
       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/bv/volume/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export availability_domain=<substitute-value-of-availability_domain> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/bv/volume/create.html#cmdoption-availability-domain
       export image_id=<substitute-value-of-image_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/compute/instance/launch.html#cmdoption-image-id

       vcn_id=$(oci network vcn create --cidr-block $cidr_block --compartment-id $compartment_id --query data.id --raw-output)

       subnet_id=$(oci network subnet create --cidr-block $cidr_block --compartment-id $compartment_id --vcn-id $vcn_id --query data.id --raw-output)

       instance_id=$(oci compute instance launch --availability-domain $availability_domain --compartment-id $compartment_id --image-id $image_id --subnet-id $subnet_id --query data.id --raw-output)

       volume_id=$(oci bv volume create --availability-domain $availability_domain --compartment-id $compartment_id --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci compute volume-attachment attach-iscsi-volume --instance-id $instance_id --volume-id $volume_id
