"list-profile-summaries"
************************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Gets a list of user profiles containing the profile details along with
the target id and user counts.

The ListProfiles operation returns only the profiles belonging to a
certain target. If compartment type user assessment id is provided,
then profile information for all the targets belonging to the
pertaining compartment is returned. The list does not include any
subcompartments of the compartment under consideration.

The parameter ‘accessLevel’ specifies whether to return only those
compartments for which the requestor has INSPECT permissions on at
least one resource directly or indirectly (ACCESSIBLE) (the resource
can be in a subcompartment) or to return Not Authorized if Principal
doesn’t have access to even one of the child compartments. This is
valid only when ‘compartmentIdInSubtree’ is set to ‘true’.

The parameter ‘compartmentIdInSubtree’ applies when you perform
ListUserProfiles on the ‘compartmentId’ belonging to the assessmentId
passed and when it is set to true, the entire hierarchy of
compartments can be returned. To get a full list of all compartments
and subcompartments in the tenancy (root compartment), set the
parameter ‘compartmentIdInSubtree’ to true and ‘accessLevel’ to
ACCESSIBLE.


Usage
=====

   oci data-safe user-assessment list-profile-summaries [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

A filter to return only resources that match the specified compartment
OCID.

--user-assessment-id [text]

The OCID of the user assessment.


Optional Parameters
===================

--access-level [text]

Valid values are RESTRICTED and ACCESSIBLE. Default is RESTRICTED.
Setting this to ACCESSIBLE returns only those compartments for which
the user has INSPECT permissions directly or indirectly (permissions
can be on a resource in a subcompartment). When set to RESTRICTED
permissions are checked and no partial results are displayed.

Accepted values are:

   ACCESSIBLE, RESTRICTED

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--compartment-id-in-subtree [boolean]

Default is false. When set to true, the hierarchy of compartments is
traversed and all compartments and subcompartments in the tenancy are
returned. Depends on the ‘accessLevel’ setting.

--failed-login-attempts-greater-than-or-equal [text]

An optional filter to return the profiles having allow failed login
attempts number greater than or equal to the provided value. String
value is used for accommodating the “UNLIMITED” and “DEFAULT” values.

--failed-login-attempts-less-than [text]

An optional filter to return the profiles having failed login attempts
number less than the provided value. String value is used for
accommodating the “UNLIMITED” and “DEFAULT” values.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--inactive-account-time-greater-than-or-equal [text]

An optional filter to return the profiles allowing inactive account
time in days greater than or equal to the provided value. String value
is used for accommodating the “UNLIMITED” and “DEFAULT” values.

--inactive-account-time-less-than [text]

An optional filter to return the profiles  allowing inactive account
time in days less than the provided value. String value is used for
accommodating the “UNLIMITED” and “DEFAULT” values.

--is-user-created [boolean]

An optional filter to return the user created profiles.

--limit [integer]

For list pagination. The maximum number of items to return per page in
a paginated “List” call. For details about how pagination works, see
List Pagination.

--page [text]

For list pagination. The page token representing the page at which to
start retrieving results. It is usually retrieved from a previous
“List” call. For details about how pagination works, see List
Pagination.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--password-lock-time-greater-than-or-equal [text]

An optional filter to return the profiles having password lock number
greater than or equal to the provided value. String value is used for
accommodating the “UNLIMITED” and “DEFAULT” values.

--password-lock-time-less-than [text]

An optional filter to return the profiles having password lock number
less than the provided value. String value is used for accommodating
the “UNLIMITED” and “DEFAULT” values.

--password-verification-function [text]

An optional filter to filter the profiles based on password
verification function.

--profile-name [text]

A filter to return only items that match the specified profile name.

--sessions-per-user-greater-than-or-equal [text]

An optional filter to return the profiles permitting the user to spawn
multiple sessions having count. greater than or equal to the provided
value. String value is used for accommodating the “UNLIMITED” and
“DEFAULT” values.

--sessions-per-user-less-than [text]

An optional filter to return the profiles permitting the user to spawn
multiple sessions having count less than the provided value. String
value is used for accommodating the “UNLIMITED” and “DEFAULT” values.

--sort-by [text]

The field to sort by. You can specify only one sort order (sortOrder).
The default order is targetId ASC.

Accepted values are:

   failedLoginAttempts, inactiveAccountTime, isUserCreated, passwordLockTime, passwordVerificationFunction, profileName, sessionsPerUser, targetId, userCount

--sort-order [text]

The sort order to use, either ascending (ASC) or descending (DESC).

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC

--target-id [text]

A filter to return only items related to a specific target OCID.

--user-count-greater-than-or-equal [text]

An optional filter to return the profiles having user count greater
than or equal to the provided value.

--user-count-less-than [text]

An optional filter to return the profiles having user count less than
the provided value.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/data-safe/user-assessment/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export target_id=<substitute-value-of-target_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/data-safe/user-assessment/create.html#cmdoption-target-id

       user_assessment_id=$(oci data-safe user-assessment create --compartment-id $compartment_id --target-id $target_id --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci data-safe user-assessment list-profile-summaries --compartment-id $compartment_id --user-assessment-id $user_assessment_id
