"get-analytic-content"
**********************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Returns a report of managed instances matching the given filters. You
can select CSV, XML, or JSON format.


Usage
=====

   oci os-management-hub managed-instance get-analytic-content [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--file [filename]

The name of the file that will receive the response data, or ‘-‘ to
write to STDOUT.


Optional Parameters
===================

--bug-updates-eq [integer]

A filter to return instances with number of available bug updates
equals to the number specified.

--bug-updates-gt [integer]

A filter to return instances with number of available bug updates
greater than the number specified.

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment. This filter returns only resources
contained within the specified compartment.

--display-name [text]

A filter to return resources that match the given display names.

--display-name-contains [text]

A filter to return resources that may partially match the given
display name.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--group-id [text]

The OCID of the managed instance group for which to list resources.

--is-managed-by-alx [boolean]

Indicates whether to list only resources managed by the Autonomous
Linux service.

--lifecycle-env-id [text]

The OCID of the lifecycle environment.

--location [text]

A filter to return only resources whose location matches the given
value.

Accepted values are:

   AZURE, EC2, GCP, OCI_COMPUTE, ON_PREMISE

--location-ne [text]

A filter to return only resources whose location does not match the
given value.

Accepted values are:

   AZURE, EC2, GCP, OCI_COMPUTE, ON_PREMISE

--os-family [text]

A filter to return only resources that match the given operating
system family.

Accepted values are:

   ALL, ORACLE_LINUX_6, ORACLE_LINUX_7, ORACLE_LINUX_8, ORACLE_LINUX_9, WINDOWS_SERVER_2016, WINDOWS_SERVER_2019, WINDOWS_SERVER_2022

--report-format [text]

The format of the report to download. Default is CSV.

Accepted values are:

   csv, json, xml

--report-type [text]

The type of the report the user wants to download. Default is ALL.

Accepted values are:

   ACTIVITY, ALL, BUGFIX, SECURITY

--security-updates-eq [integer]

A filter to return instances with number of available security updates
equals to the number specified.

--security-updates-gt [integer]

A filter to return instances with number of available security updates
greater than the number specified.

--stage-id [text]

The OCID of the lifecycle stage for which to list resources.

--status [text]

A filter to return only managed instances whose status matches the
status provided.

Accepted values are:

   DELETING, ERROR, NORMAL, ONBOARDING, REBOOTING, REGISTRATION_ERROR, UNREACHABLE, WARNING


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export file=<substitute-value-of-file> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/os-management-hub/managed-instance/get-analytic-content.html#cmdoption-file

       oci os-management-hub managed-instance get-analytic-content --file $file
