"get-content"
*************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Returns a report for a single managed instance whose associated
erratas match the given filters. You can select CSV, XML, or JSON
format.


Usage
=====

   oci os-management-hub managed-instance get-content [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--file [filename]

The name of the file that will receive the response data, or ‘-‘ to
write to STDOUT.

--managed-instance-id [text]

The OCID of the managed instance.

--vulnerability-type [text]

A filter to return only vulnerabilities matching the given types.

Accepted values are:

   ALL, BUGFIX, ENHANCEMENT, OTHER, SECURITY


Optional Parameters
===================

--advisory-name [text]

The assigned erratum name. It’s unique and not changeable.

Example:

   ELSA-2020-5804

--advisory-name-contains [text]

A filter to return resources that may partially match the erratum
advisory name given.

--advisory-type [text]

A filter to return only errata that match the given advisory types.

Accepted values are:

   BUGFIX, ENHANCEMENT, SECURITY

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--report-format [text]

The format of the report to download. Default is CSV.

Accepted values are:

   csv, json, xml

--vulnerability-name [text]

A filter to return vulnerabilities that match the given name. For
Linux instances, this refers to the advisory name. For Windows
instances, this refers to the Windows update display name.

--vulnerability-name-contains [text]

A filter to return vulnerabilities that partially match the given
name. For Linux instances, this refers to the advisory name. For
Windows instances, this refers to the Windows update display name.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export file=<substitute-value-of-file> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/os-management-hub/managed-instance/get-content.html#cmdoption-file
       export managed_instance_id=<substitute-value-of-managed_instance_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/os-management-hub/managed-instance/get-content.html#cmdoption-managed-instance-id
       export vulnerability_type=<substitute-value-of-vulnerability_type> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/os-management-hub/managed-instance/get-content.html#cmdoption-vulnerability-type

       oci os-management-hub managed-instance get-content --file $file --managed-instance-id $managed_instance_id --vulnerability-type $vulnerability_type
