"summarize-analytics"
*********************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Returns a list of user specified metrics for a collection of managed
instances.


Usage
=====

   oci os-management-hub managed-instance summarize-analytics [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--metric-names [text]

A filter to return only metrics whose name matches the given metric
names.

Accepted values are:

   DELETING_INSTANCE_COUNT, ERROR_INSTANCE_COUNT, INSTANCE_BUGFIX_ADVISORY_COUNT, INSTANCE_BUGFIX_UPDATES_COUNT, INSTANCE_SECURITY_ADVISORY_COUNT, INSTANCE_SECURITY_UPDATES_COUNT, INSTANCE_WITH_AVAILABLE_BUGFIX_UPDATES_COUNT, INSTANCE_WITH_AVAILABLE_SECURITY_UPDATES_COUNT, NEEDS_REBOOTING_INSTANCE_COUNT, NORMAL_INSTANCE_COUNT, ONBOARDING_INSTANCE_COUNT, REBOOTING_INSTANCE_COUNT, REGISTRATION_FAILED_INSTANCE_COUNT, TOTAL_INSTANCE_COUNT, UNREACHABLE_INSTANCE_COUNT, WARNING_INSTANCE_COUNT


Optional Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment. This filter returns only resources
contained within the specified compartment.

--display-name [text]

A filter to return resources that match the given display names.

--display-name-contains [text]

A filter to return resources that may partially match the given
display name.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--group-id [text]

The OCID of the managed instance group for which to list resources.

--is-managed-by-alx [boolean]

Indicates whether to list only resources managed by the Autonomous
Linux service.

--lifecycle-env-id [text]

The OCID of the lifecycle environment.

--limit [integer]

For list pagination. The maximum number of results per page, or items
to return in a paginated “List” call. For important details about how
pagination works, see List Pagination.

Example:

   50

--location [text]

A filter to return only resources whose location matches the given
value.

Accepted values are:

   AZURE, EC2, GCP, OCI_COMPUTE, ON_PREMISE

--location-ne [text]

A filter to return only resources whose location does not match the
given value.

Accepted values are:

   AZURE, EC2, GCP, OCI_COMPUTE, ON_PREMISE

--os-family [text]

A filter to return only resources that match the given operating
system family.

Accepted values are:

   ALL, ORACLE_LINUX_6, ORACLE_LINUX_7, ORACLE_LINUX_8, ORACLE_LINUX_9, WINDOWS_SERVER_2016, WINDOWS_SERVER_2019, WINDOWS_SERVER_2022

--page [text]

For list pagination. The value of the *opc-next-page* response header
from the previous “List” call. For important details about how
pagination works, see List Pagination.

Example:

   3

--sort-by [text]

The field to sort by. Only one sort order may be provided. The default
is to sort in ascending order by metricName (previously name, which is
now depricated). You can also sort by displayName (default is
ascending order).

Accepted values are:

   displayName, metricName, name

--sort-order [text]

The sort order to use, either ‘ASC’ or ‘DESC’.

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC

--stage-id [text]

The OCID of the lifecycle stage for which to list resources.

--status [text]

A filter to return only managed instances whose status matches the
status provided.

Accepted values are:

   DELETING, ERROR, NORMAL, ONBOARDING, REBOOTING, REGISTRATION_ERROR, UNREACHABLE, WARNING


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export metric_names=<substitute-value-of-metric_names> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/os-management-hub/managed-instance/summarize-analytics.html#cmdoption-metric-names

       oci os-management-hub managed-instance summarize-analytics --metric-names $metric_names
