"create"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter

* Other Examples


Description
===========

Creates a bucket in the given namespace with a bucket name and
optional user-defined metadata. Avoid entering confidential
information in bucket names.


Usage
=====

   oci os bucket create [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The ID of the compartment in which to create the bucket.

--name [text]

The name of the bucket. Valid characters are uppercase or lowercase
letters, numbers, hyphens, underscores, and periods. Bucket names must
be unique within an Object Storage namespace. Avoid entering
confidential information. example: Example: my-new-bucket1


Optional Parameters
===================

--auto-tiering [text]

Set the auto tiering status on the bucket. By default, a bucket is
created with auto tiering *Disabled*. Use this option to enable auto
tiering during bucket creation. Objects in a bucket with auto tiering
set to *InfrequentAccess* are transitioned automatically between the
‘Standard’ and ‘InfrequentAccess’ tiers based on the access pattern of
the objects.

--defined-tags [complex type]

Defined tags for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a
namespace. For more information, see Resource Tags. Example:
*{“Operations”: {“CostCenter”: “42”}}* This is a complex type whose
value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the
command line or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file
syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--freeform-tags [complex type]

Free-form tags for this resource. Each tag is a simple key-value pair
with no predefined name, type, or namespace. For more information, see
Resource Tags. Example: *{“Department”: “Finance”}* This is a complex
type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a
string on the command line or passed in as a file using the
file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--kms-key-id [text]

The OCID of a master encryption key used to call the Key Management
service to generate a data encryption key or to encrypt or decrypt a
data encryption key.

--metadata [complex type]

Arbitrary string, up to 4KB, of keys and values for user-defined
metadata. This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The
value can be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as
a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--namespace-name, --namespace, -ns [text]

The Object Storage namespace used for the request. If not provided,
this parameter will be obtained internally using a call to ‘oci os ns
get’

--object-events-enabled [boolean]

Whether or not events are emitted for object state changes in this
bucket. By default, *objectEventsEnabled* is set to *false*. Set
*objectEventsEnabled* to *true* to emit events for object state
changes. For more information about events, see Overview of Events.

--public-access-type [text]

The type of public access enabled on this bucket. A bucket is set to
*NoPublicAccess* by default, which only allows an authenticated caller
to access the bucket and its contents. When *ObjectRead* is enabled on
the bucket, public access is allowed for the *GetObject*,
*HeadObject*, and *ListObjects* operations. When
*ObjectReadWithoutList* is enabled on the bucket, public access is
allowed for the *GetObject* and *HeadObject* operations.

Accepted values are:

   NoPublicAccess, ObjectRead, ObjectReadWithoutList

--storage-tier [text]

The type of storage tier of this bucket. A bucket is set to ‘Standard’
tier by default, which means the bucket will be put in the standard
storage tier. When ‘Archive’ tier type is set explicitly, the bucket
is put in the Archive Storage tier. The ‘storageTier’ property is
immutable after bucket is created.

Accepted values are:

   Archive, Standard

--versioning [text]

Set the versioning status on the bucket. By default, a bucket is
created with versioning *Disabled*. Use this option to enable
versioning during bucket creation. Objects in a version enabled bucket
are protected from overwrites and deletions. Previous versions of the
same object will be available in the bucket.

Accepted values are:

   Disabled, Enabled


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/os/bucket/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export name=<substitute-value-of-name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/os/bucket/create.html#cmdoption-name

       oci os bucket create --compartment-id $compartment_id --name $name


Other Examples
==============


Description
-----------

Creates the bucket in the specified compartment id


Command
-------

    oci os bucket create --name bucket-client --compartment-id ocid1.compartment.oc1..aaaaaaaa3ffjane6aoullgob4daj6xw2bzkm7maswctna2zgoxfny4smpoha


Output
------

   {
    "data": {
         "approximate-count": null,
         "approximate-size": null,
         "auto-tiering": null,
         "compartment-id": "ocid1.compartment.oc1..aaaaaaaa3ffjane6aoullgob4daj6xw2bzkm7maswctna2zgoxfny4smpoha",
         "created-by": "ocid1.user.oc1..aaaaaaaatflstw5i7x3pb5ukijuanrhdgijymtiqwlkexuzar2aoyaluqcdq",
         "defined-tags": {},
         "etag": "d12f9228-cfe4-43c1-8c0d-b2e19d0dd967",
         "freeform-tags": {},
         "id": "ocid1.bucket.oc1.phx.aaaaaaaar6mv5ezap4jm5tldxk337ij7x7exn7auilygcqf2k5bexw7c63ra",
         "is-read-only": false,
         "kms-key-id": null,
         "metadata": {},
         "name": "bucket-client",
         "namespace": "bmcostests",
         "object-events-enabled": false,
         "object-lifecycle-policy-etag": null,
         "public-access-type": "NoPublicAccess",
         "replication-enabled": false,
         "storage-tier": "Standard",
         "time-created": "2022-11-18T07:15:17.704000+00:00",
         "versioning": "Disabled"
    },
    "etag": "d12f9228-cfe4-43c1-8c0d-b2e19d0dd967"
   }


Description
-----------

Creates the bucket with specified auto tiering status


Command
-------

    oci os bucket create --name bucket-client --compartment-id ocid1.compartment.oc1..aaaaaaaa3ffjane6aoullgob4daj6xw2bzkm7maswctna2zgoxfny4smpoha --auto-tiering InfrequentAccess


Output
------

   {
    "data": {
         "approximate-count": null,
         "approximate-size": null,
         "auto-tiering": "InfrequentAccess",
         "compartment-id": "ocid1.compartment.oc1..aaaaaaaa3ffjane6aoullgob4daj6xw2bzkm7maswctna2zgoxfny4smpoha",
         "created-by": "ocid1.user.oc1..aaaaaaaatflstw5i7x3pb5ukijuanrhdgijymtiqwlkexuzar2aoyaluqcdq",
         "defined-tags": {},
         "etag": "8ed47fa3-50b0-4653-84ae-d176ce12e08b",
         "freeform-tags": {},
         "id": "ocid1.bucket.oc1.phx.aaaaaaaage3jqz5r7hb3u2g5clx42ey2tk3at2p7hom3hcm2ozak3n5a5n2q",
         "is-read-only": false,
         "kms-key-id": null,
         "metadata": {},
         "name": "bucket-client",
         "namespace": "bmcostests",
         "object-events-enabled": false,
         "object-lifecycle-policy-etag": null,
         "public-access-type": "NoPublicAccess",
         "replication-enabled": false,
         "storage-tier": "Standard",
         "time-created": "2022-11-18T07:34:46.868000+00:00",
         "versioning": "Disabled"
    },
    "etag": "8ed47fa3-50b0-4653-84ae-d176ce12e08b"
   }


Description
-----------

Creates the bucket with specified metadata


Command
-------

    oci os bucket create --name bucket-client --compartment-id ocid1.compartment.oc1..aaaaaaaa3ffjane6aoullgob4daj6xw2bzkm7maswctna2zgoxfny4smpoha --metadata '{"client":"xyz"}'


Output
------

   {
    "data": {
         "approximate-count": null,
         "approximate-size": null,
         "auto-tiering": "InfrequentAccess",
         "compartment-id": "ocid1.compartment.oc1..aaaaaaaa3ffjane6aoullgob4daj6xw2bzkm7maswctna2zgoxfny4smpoha",
         "created-by": "ocid1.user.oc1..aaaaaaaatflstw5i7x3pb5ukijuanrhdgijymtiqwlkexuzar2aoyaluqcdq",
         "defined-tags": {},
         "etag": "3b73dbe5-0e17-4e6e-9eed-622374fd8e08",
         "freeform-tags": {},
         "id": "ocid1.bucket.oc1.phx.aaaaaaaa7d5thakkv7p5z4o5jmt5nu325dshec5m2udpkg52hfdmfc5rgqva",
         "is-read-only": false,
         "kms-key-id": null,
         "metadata": {
              "client": "xyz"
         },
         "name": "bucket-client",
         "namespace": "bmcostests",
         "object-events-enabled": false,
         "object-lifecycle-policy-etag": null,
         "public-access-type": "NoPublicAccess",
         "replication-enabled": false,
         "storage-tier": "Standard",
         "time-created": "2022-11-18T08:37:08.075000+00:00",
         "versioning": "Disabled"
    },
    "etag": "3b73dbe5-0e17-4e6e-9eed-622374fd8e08"
   }


Description
-----------

Creates the bucket with object event enabled


Command
-------

    oci os bucket create --name bucket-client --compartment-id ocid1.compartment.oc1..aaaaaaaa3ffjane6aoullgob4daj6xw2bzkm7maswctna2zgoxfny4smpoha --object-events-enabled True


Output
------

   {
    "data": {
         "approximate-count": null,
         "approximate-size": null,
         "auto-tiering": null,
         "compartment-id": "ocid1.compartment.oc1..aaaaaaaa3ffjane6aoullgob4daj6xw2bzkm7maswctna2zgoxfny4smpoha",
         "created-by": "ocid1.user.oc1..aaaaaaaatflstw5i7x3pb5ukijuanrhdgijymtiqwlkexuzar2aoyaluqcdq",
         "defined-tags": {},
         "etag": "2d74cc1c-6c8c-470b-b243-db0f6efc4a4d",
         "freeform-tags": {},
         "id": "ocid1.bucket.oc1.phx.aaaaaaaa6phmgi4qu7camuyd3omuvhdti46dmzilrgk4572ua3wcvytdfxka",
         "is-read-only": false,
         "kms-key-id": null,
         "metadata": {},
         "name": "bucket-client",
         "namespace": "bmcostests",
         "object-events-enabled": true,
         "object-lifecycle-policy-etag": null,
         "public-access-type": "NoPublicAccess",
         "replication-enabled": false,
         "storage-tier": "Standard",
         "time-created": "2022-11-18T08:39:16.279000+00:00",
         "versioning": "Disabled"
    },
    "etag": "2d74cc1c-6c8c-470b-b243-db0f6efc4a4d"
   }


Description
-----------

Creates the bucket with specified public access type


Command
-------

    oci os bucket create --name bucket-client --compartment-id ocid1.compartment.oc1..aaaaaaaa3ffjane6aoullgob4daj6xw2bzkm7maswctna2zgoxfny4smpoha --public-access-type NoPublicAccess


Output
------

   {
    "data": {
         "approximate-count": null,
         "approximate-size": null,
         "auto-tiering": null,
         "compartment-id": "ocid1.compartment.oc1..aaaaaaaa3ffjane6aoullgob4daj6xw2bzkm7maswctna2zgoxfny4smpoha",
         "created-by": "ocid1.user.oc1..aaaaaaaatflstw5i7x3pb5ukijuanrhdgijymtiqwlkexuzar2aoyaluqcdq",
         "defined-tags": {},
         "etag": "09cdf6ee-a705-4cb8-bc8d-2964333079f4",
         "freeform-tags": {},
         "id": "ocid1.bucket.oc1.phx.aaaaaaaa5jbqd23fbhunugh6ipskffaqng4micknkvb5lhhemgbt26klmzsa",
         "is-read-only": false,
         "kms-key-id": null,
         "metadata": {},
         "name": "bucket-client",
         "namespace": "bmcostests",
         "object-events-enabled": false,
         "object-lifecycle-policy-etag": null,
         "public-access-type": "NoPublicAccess",
         "replication-enabled": false,
         "storage-tier": "Standard",
         "time-created": "2022-11-18T09:07:03.863000+00:00",
         "versioning": "Disabled"
    },
    "etag": "09cdf6ee-a705-4cb8-bc8d-2964333079f4"
   }


Description
-----------

Creates the bucket with specified storage tier


Command
-------

    oci os bucket create --name bucket-client --compartment-id ocid1.compartment.oc1..aaaaaaaa3ffjane6aoullgob4daj6xw2bzkm7maswctna2zgoxfny4smpoha --storage-tier Archive


Output
------

   {
    "data": {
         "approximate-count": null,
         "approximate-size": null,
         "auto-tiering": null,
         "compartment-id": "ocid1.compartment.oc1..aaaaaaaa3ffjane6aoullgob4daj6xw2bzkm7maswctna2zgoxfny4smpoha",
         "created-by": "ocid1.user.oc1..aaaaaaaatflstw5i7x3pb5ukijuanrhdgijymtiqwlkexuzar2aoyaluqcdq",
         "defined-tags": {},
         "etag": "72c4dcac-030b-4a2e-823d-a82ecdee76b9",
         "freeform-tags": {},
         "id": "ocid1.bucket.oc1.phx.aaaaaaaamjvr52g5c4eo64t2g4ymbkvvhxomu7o262psp7brays54iolkktq",
         "is-read-only": false,
         "kms-key-id": null,
         "metadata": {},
         "name": "bucket-client",
         "namespace": "bmcostests",
         "object-events-enabled": false,
         "object-lifecycle-policy-etag": null,
         "public-access-type": "NoPublicAccess",
         "replication-enabled": false,
         "storage-tier": "Archive",
         "time-created": "2022-11-18T09:08:03.224000+00:00",
         "versioning": "Disabled"
    },
    "etag": "72c4dcac-030b-4a2e-823d-a82ecdee76b9"
   }


Description
-----------

Creates the bucket with versioning enabled


Command
-------

    oci os bucket create --name bucket-client --compartment-id ocid1.compartment.oc1..aaaaaaaa3ffjane6aoullgob4daj6xw2bzkm7maswctna2zgoxfny4smpoha --versioning Enabled


Output
------

   {
    "data": {
         "approximate-count": null,
         "approximate-size": null,
         "auto-tiering": null,
         "compartment-id": "ocid1.compartment.oc1..aaaaaaaa3ffjane6aoullgob4daj6xw2bzkm7maswctna2zgoxfny4smpoha",
         "created-by": "ocid1.user.oc1..aaaaaaaatflstw5i7x3pb5ukijuanrhdgijymtiqwlkexuzar2aoyaluqcdq",
         "defined-tags": {},
         "etag": "72c4dcac-030b-4a2e-823d-a82ecdee76b9",
         "freeform-tags": {},
         "id": "ocid1.bucket.oc1.phx.aaaaaaaamjvr52g5c4eo64t2g4ymbkvvhxomu7o262psp7brays54iolkktq",
         "is-read-only": false,
         "kms-key-id": null,
         "metadata": {},
         "name": "bucket-client",
         "namespace": "bmcostests",
         "object-events-enabled": false,
         "object-lifecycle-policy-etag": null,
         "public-access-type": "NoPublicAccess",
         "replication-enabled": false,
         "storage-tier": "Archive",
         "time-created": "2022-11-18T09:08:03.224000+00:00",
         "versioning": "Disabled"
    },
    "etag": "72c4dcac-030b-4a2e-823d-a82ecdee76b9"
   }
