"delete"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter

* Other Examples


Description
===========

Deletes a bucket if the bucket is already empty. If not empty and the
–empty option is specified, all objects, pre-authenticated requests,
uncommitted multipart uploads and replication policies associated with
the bucket are also deleted.


Usage
=====

   oci os bucket delete [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--bucket-name, --name, -bn [text]

The name of the bucket. Avoid entering confidential information.
Example: *my-new-bucket1*


Optional Parameters
===================

--dry-run

When specified with the –empty option, displays a list of objects
which would be deleted by this command if it were run without –dry-
run. No objects will actually be deleted.

--empty

Delete all objects, pre-authenticated requests, uncommitted multipart
uploads and replication policies associated with the bucket.

--force

Perform deletion without prompting for confirmation.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--if-match [text]

The entity tag (ETag) to match with the ETag of an existing resource.
If the specified ETag matches the ETag of the existing resource, GET
and HEAD requests will return the resource and PUT and POST requests
will upload the resource.

--namespace-name, --namespace, -ns [text]

The Object Storage namespace used for the request. If not provided,
this parameter will be obtained internally using a call to ‘oci os ns
get’

--parallel-operations-count [integer]

When specified with the –empty option, specifies the number of
parallel delete operations to perform. Decreasing this value will make
empty less resource intensive but it may take longer. Increasing this
value may improve empty times, but it will consume more system
resources and network bandwidth. [default: 10]


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export bucket_name=<substitute-value-of-bucket_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/os/bucket/delete.html#cmdoption-bucket-name

       oci os bucket delete --bucket-name $bucket_name


Other Examples
==============


Description
-----------

Deletes the specified bucket


Command
-------

    oci os bucket delete -bn bucket-client


Output
------

   {
    "output": "Are you sure you want to delete this bucket? [y/N]"
   }


Description
-----------

Displays a list of objects which would be deleted by this command,
without actually deleting the bucket


Command
-------

    oci os bucket delete -bn bucket-client --empty --dry-run


Output
------

   {
    "multipart-upload": {
         "delete-failures": {},
         "deleted-objects": []
    },
    "object": {
         "delete-failures": {},
         "deleted-objects": []
    },
    "preauth-request": {
         "delete-failures": {},
         "deleted-objects": []
    },
    "replication-policy": {
         "delete-failures": {},
         "deleted-objects": []
    }
   }


Description
-----------

Deletes the bucket without prompting for confirmation


Command
-------

    oci os bucket delete -bn bucket-client --force


Output
------

   {
    "output": null
   }


Description
-----------

Delete all objects, pre-authenticated requests, uncommitted multipart
uploads and replication policies associated with the bucket.


Command
-------

    oci os bucket delete -bn bucket-client --empty


Output
------

   {
    "output": "This command will delete the bucket as well as all objects, pre-authenticated requests, uncommitted multipart uploads and replication policies associated with it. Are you sure you wish to continue? [y/N]:"
   }


Description
-----------

Deletes the bucket only if the specified etag matches with the bucket
etag


Command
-------

    oci os bucket delete -bn bucket-client --if-match 12ea76f7-1130-4279-8654-6819b94625df


Output
------

   {
    "output": "Are you sure you want to delete this bucket? [y/N]:"
   }


Description
-----------

Deletes the bucket with the specified number of parallel delete
operations to perform


Command
-------

    oci os bucket delete -bn bucket-client --parallel-operations-count 3


Output
------

   {
    "output": "Are you sure you want to delete this bucket? [y/N]:"
   }


Description
-----------

Deletes the bucket in the specified namespace


Command
-------

    oci os bucket delete -bn bucket-client -ns namespace


Output
------

   {
    "output": null
   }
