"get"
*****

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter

* Other Examples


Description
===========

Gets the current representation of the given bucket in the given
Object Storage namespace.

Bucket  summary  includes  the  ‘namespace’,  ‘name’,
‘compartmentId’, ‘createdBy’, ‘timeCreated’, and ‘etag’ fields.


Usage
=====

   oci os bucket get [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--bucket-name, --name, -bn [text]

The name of the bucket. Avoid entering confidential information.
Example: *my-new-bucket1*


Optional Parameters
===================

--fields [text]

This parameter can only include ‘approximateCount’ (approximate number
of objects) and ‘approximateSize’ (total approximate size in bytes of
all objects). For example ‘–fields approximateCount –fields
approximateSize’.

Accepted values are:

   approximateCount, approximateSize, autoTiering

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--if-match [text]

The entity tag (ETag) to match with the ETag of an existing resource.
If the specified ETag matches the ETag of the existing resource, GET
and HEAD requests will return the resource and PUT and POST requests
will upload the resource.

--if-none-match [text]

The entity tag (ETag) to avoid matching. Wildcards (‘*’) are not
allowed. If the specified ETag does not match the ETag of the existing
resource, the request returns the expected response. If the ETag
matches the ETag of the existing resource, the request returns an HTTP
304 status without a response body.

--namespace-name, --namespace, -ns [text]

The Object Storage namespace used for the request. If not provided,
this parameter will be obtained internally using a call to ‘oci os ns
get’


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export bucket_name=<substitute-value-of-bucket_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/os/bucket/get.html#cmdoption-bucket-name

       oci os bucket get --bucket-name $bucket_name


Other Examples
==============


Description
-----------

Gets the current representation of the specified bucket


Command
-------

    oci os bucket get -bn bucket-client


Output
------

   {
    "data": {
         "approximate-count": null,
         "approximate-size": null,
         "auto-tiering": null,
         "compartment-id": "ocid1.compartment.oc1..aaaaaaaa3ffjane6aoullgob4daj6xw2bzkm7maswctna2zgoxfny4smpoha",
         "created-by": "ocid1.user.oc1..aaaaaaaatflstw5i7x3pb5ukijuanrhdgijymtiqwlkexuzar2aoyaluqcdq",
         "defined-tags": {},
         "etag": "d822baac-990c-4d29-8715-f59a36910283",
         "freeform-tags": {},
         "id": "ocid1.bucket.oc1.phx.aaaaaaaaxkx2ogrmrtz32xfyvazwxcfu4l3jb4tl3rvwsmvhbnin2e5zexgq",
         "is-read-only": false,
         "kms-key-id": null,
         "metadata": {},
         "name": "bucket-client",
         "namespace": "bmcostests",
         "object-events-enabled": false,
         "object-lifecycle-policy-etag": null,
         "public-access-type": "NoPublicAccess",
         "replication-enabled": false,
         "storage-tier": "Standard",
         "time-created": "2022-11-18T11:37:31.283000+00:00",
         "versioning": "Disabled"
    },
    "etag": "d822baac-990c-4d29-8715-f59a36910283"
   }


Description
-----------

Gets the bucket representation with only the specified fields, other
fields will be null


Command
-------

    oci os bucket get -bn bucket-client --fields approximateCount --fields  autoTiering


Output
------

   {
    "data": {
         "approximate-count": 0,
         "approximate-size": null,
         "auto-tiering": "Disabled",
         "compartment-id": "ocid1.compartment.oc1..aaaaaaaa3ffjane6aoullgob4daj6xw2bzkm7maswctna2zgoxfny4smpoha",
         "created-by": "ocid1.user.oc1..aaaaaaaatflstw5i7x3pb5ukijuanrhdgijymtiqwlkexuzar2aoyaluqcdq",
         "defined-tags": {},
         "etag": "d822baac-990c-4d29-8715-f59a36910283",
         "freeform-tags": {},
         "id": "ocid1.bucket.oc1.phx.aaaaaaaaxkx2ogrmrtz32xfyvazwxcfu4l3jb4tl3rvwsmvhbnin2e5zexgq",
         "is-read-only": false,
         "kms-key-id": null,
         "metadata": {},
         "name": "bucket-client",
         "namespace": "bmcostests",
         "object-events-enabled": false,
         "object-lifecycle-policy-etag": null,
         "public-access-type": "NoPublicAccess",
         "replication-enabled": false,
         "storage-tier": "Standard",
         "time-created": "2022-11-18T11:37:31.283000+00:00",
         "versioning": "Disabled"
    },
    "etag": "d822baac-990c-4d29-8715-f59a36910283"
   }


Description
-----------

Gets the bucket representation only if the specified etag matches with
the bucket etag


Command
-------

    oci os bucket get -bn bucket-client --if-match d822baac-990c-4d29-8715-f59a36910283


Output
------

   {
    "data": {
         "approximate-count": null,
         "approximate-size": null,
         "auto-tiering": null,
         "compartment-id": "ocid1.compartment.oc1..aaaaaaaa3ffjane6aoullgob4daj6xw2bzkm7maswctna2zgoxfny4smpoha",
         "created-by": "ocid1.user.oc1..aaaaaaaatflstw5i7x3pb5ukijuanrhdgijymtiqwlkexuzar2aoyaluqcdq",
         "defined-tags": {},
         "etag": "d822baac-990c-4d29-8715-f59a36910283",
         "freeform-tags": {},
         "id": "ocid1.bucket.oc1.phx.aaaaaaaaxkx2ogrmrtz32xfyvazwxcfu4l3jb4tl3rvwsmvhbnin2e5zexgq",
         "is-read-only": false,
         "kms-key-id": null,
         "metadata": {},
         "name": "bucket-client",
         "namespace": "bmcostests",
         "object-events-enabled": false,
         "object-lifecycle-policy-etag": null,
         "public-access-type": "NoPublicAccess",
         "replication-enabled": false,
         "storage-tier": "Standard",
         "time-created": "2022-11-18T11:37:31.283000+00:00",
         "versioning": "Disabled"
    },
    "etag": "d822baac-990c-4d29-8715-f59a36910283"
   }


Description
-----------

Gets the bucket representation only if the specified etag does not
matches with the bucket etag


Command
-------

    oci os bucket get -bn bucket-client --if-none-match d822baac-990c-4d29-8715-f59a36910283


Output
------

   {
    "client_version": "Oracle-PythonSDK/2.85.0, Oracle-PythonCLI/3.18.1",
    "code": null,
    "logging_tips": "Please run the OCI CLI command using --debug flag to find more debug information.",
    "message": "The service returned error code 304",
    "opc-request-id": "phx-1:MDjeCe2awzhSPDABy81WiTj0-3BVGbNzrk8wp1qQ13EM-7D6U7QCmMVwI0_GgatF",
    "operation_name": "get_bucket",
    "request_endpoint": "GET https://objectstorage.us-phoenix-1.oraclecloud.com/n/bmcostests/b/bucket-client",
    "status": 304,
    "target_service": "object_storage",
    "timestamp": "2022-11-18T11:43:53.261713+00:00",
    "troubleshooting_tips": "See https://docs.oracle.com/iaas/Content/API/References/apierrors.htm#apierrors_304__304_none for more information about resolving this error. If you are unable to resolve this issue, run this CLI command with --debug option and contact Oracle support and provide them the full error message."
   }


Description
-----------

Gets the bucket representation of the bucket in the specified
namespace


Command
-------

    oci os bucket get -bn bucket-client -ns bmcostests


Output
------

   {
    "data": {
         "approximate-count": null,
         "approximate-size": null,
         "auto-tiering": null,
         "compartment-id": "ocid1.compartment.oc1..aaaaaaaa3ffjane6aoullgob4daj6xw2bzkm7maswctna2zgoxfny4smpoha",
         "created-by": "ocid1.user.oc1..aaaaaaaatflstw5i7x3pb5ukijuanrhdgijymtiqwlkexuzar2aoyaluqcdq",
         "defined-tags": {},
         "etag": "d822baac-990c-4d29-8715-f59a36910283",
         "freeform-tags": {},
         "id": "ocid1.bucket.oc1.phx.aaaaaaaaxkx2ogrmrtz32xfyvazwxcfu4l3jb4tl3rvwsmvhbnin2e5zexgq",
         "is-read-only": false,
         "kms-key-id": null,
         "metadata": {},
         "name": "bucket-client",
         "namespace": "bmcostests",
         "object-events-enabled": false,
         "object-lifecycle-policy-etag": null,
         "public-access-type": "NoPublicAccess",
         "replication-enabled": false,
         "storage-tier": "Standard",
         "time-created": "2022-11-18T11:37:31.283000+00:00",
         "versioning": "Disabled"
    },
    "etag": "d822baac-990c-4d29-8715-f59a36910283"
   }
