"list"
******

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter

* Other Examples


Description
===========

Gets a list of all BucketSummary items in a compartment. A
BucketSummary contains only summary fields for the bucket and does not
contain fields like the user-defined metadata.

ListBuckets returns a BucketSummary containing at most 1000 buckets.
To paginate through more buckets, use the returned *opc-next-page*
value with the *page* request parameter.

To use this and other API operations, you must be authorized in an IAM
policy. If you are not authorized, talk to an administrator. If you
are an administrator who needs to write policies to give users access,
see Getting Started with Policies.


Usage
=====

   oci os bucket list [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The ID of the compartment in which to list buckets.


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--fields [text]

Bucket summary in list of buckets includes the ‘namespace’, ‘name’,
‘compartmentId’, ‘createdBy’, ‘timeCreated’, and ‘etag’ fields. This
parameter can also include ‘tags’ (freeformTags and definedTags). The
only supported value of this parameter is ‘tags’ for now. Example
‘tags’.

Accepted values are:

   tags

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--limit [integer]

For list pagination. The maximum number of results per page, or items
to return in a paginated “List” call. For important details about how
pagination works, see List Pagination.

--namespace-name, --namespace, -ns [text]

The Object Storage namespace used for the request. If not provided,
this parameter will be obtained internally using a call to ‘oci os ns
get’

--page [text]

For list pagination. The value of the *opc-next-page* response header
from the previous “List” call. For important details about how
pagination works, see List Pagination.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/os/bucket/list.html#cmdoption-compartment-id

       oci os bucket list --compartment-id $compartment_id


Other Examples
==============


Description
-----------

Lists at most first 1000 buckets of specified compartment


Command
-------

    oci os bucket list -c ocid1.compartment.oc1..aaaaaaaa3ffjane6aoullgob4daj6xw2bzkm7maswctna2zgoxfny4smpoha


Output
------

   {
    "data": [
         {
              "compartment-id": "ocid1.compartment.oc1..aaaaaaaa3ffjane6aoullgob4daj6xw2bzkm7maswctna2zgoxfny4smpoha",
              "created-by": "ocid1.user.oc1..aaaaaaaatflstw5i7x3pb5ukijuanrhdgijymtiqwlkexuzar2aoyaluqcdq",
              "defined-tags": null,
              "etag": "d822baac-990c-4d29-8715-f59a36910283",
              "freeform-tags": null,
              "name": "bucket-client",
              "namespace": "bmcostests",
              "time-created": "2022-11-18T11:37:31.283000+00:00"
         }
    ]
   }


Description
-----------

Lists all the buckets in the specified compartment


Command
-------

    oci os bucket list -c ocid1.compartment.oc1..aaaaaaaa3ffjane6aoullgob4daj6xw2bzkm7maswctna2zgoxfny4smpoha --all


Output
------

   {
    "data": [
         {
              "compartment-id": "ocid1.compartment.oc1..aaaaaaaa3ffjane6aoullgob4daj6xw2bzkm7maswctna2zgoxfny4smpoha",
              "created-by": "ocid1.user.oc1..aaaaaaaatflstw5i7x3pb5ukijuanrhdgijymtiqwlkexuzar2aoyaluqcdq",
              "defined-tags": null,
              "etag": "d822baac-990c-4d29-8715-f59a36910283",
              "freeform-tags": null,
              "name": "bucket-client",
              "namespace": "bmcostests",
              "time-created": "2022-11-18T11:37:31.283000+00:00"
         }
    ]
   }


Description
-----------

Lists buckets with tags field in summary


Command
-------

    oci os bucket list -c ocid1.compartment.oc1..aaaaaaaa3ffjane6aoullgob4daj6xw2bzkm7maswctna2zgoxfny4smpoha --fields tags


Output
------

   {
    "data": [
         {
              "compartment-id": "ocid1.compartment.oc1..aaaaaaaa3ffjane6aoullgob4daj6xw2bzkm7maswctna2zgoxfny4smpoha",
              "created-by": "ocid1.user.oc1..aaaaaaaatflstw5i7x3pb5ukijuanrhdgijymtiqwlkexuzar2aoyaluqcdq",
              "defined-tags": {},
              "etag": "d822baac-990c-4d29-8715-f59a36910283",
              "freeform-tags": {},
              "name": "bucket-client",
              "namespace": "bmcostests",
              "time-created": "2022-11-18T11:37:31.283000+00:00"
         }
    ]
   }


Description
-----------

Lists buckets in the compartment, with maximum number of results per
page equal to the specified limit


Command
-------

    oci os bucket list -c ocid1.compartment.oc1..aaaaaaaa3ffjane6aoullgob4daj6xw2bzkm7maswctna2zgoxfny4smpoha --limit 2


Output
------

   {
    "data": [
         {
              "compartment-id": "ocid1.compartment.oc1..aaaaaaaa3ffjane6aoullgob4daj6xw2bzkm7maswctna2zgoxfny4smpoha",
              "created-by": "ocid1.user.oc1..aaaaaaaatflstw5i7x3pb5ukijuanrhdgijymtiqwlkexuzar2aoyaluqcdq",
              "defined-tags": null,
              "etag": "25c87aa6-02e3-4246-9d29-3a44b4e59d8c",
              "freeform-tags": null,
              "name": "bucket-20221122-1322",
              "namespace": "bmcostests",
              "time-created": "2022-11-22T07:56:52.489000+00:00"
         },
         {
              "compartment-id": "ocid1.compartment.oc1..aaaaaaaa3ffjane6aoullgob4daj6xw2bzkm7maswctna2zgoxfny4smpoha",
              "created-by": "ocid1.user.oc1..aaaaaaaatflstw5i7x3pb5ukijuanrhdgijymtiqwlkexuzar2aoyaluqcdq",
              "defined-tags": null,
              "etag": "25d2ce40-a2bc-4e78-bf5b-f25053ede098",
              "freeform-tags": null,
              "name": "bucket-20221122-1326",
              "namespace": "bmcostests",
              "time-created": "2022-11-22T07:56:38.402000+00:00"
         }
    ],
    "opc-next-page": "1:ST3INStDGbRIG-qmfAZyXPBRQItAuxQ0BXNmGqu6Ry7ql1TQAXiDqNarcD_-b2sj"
   }


Description
-----------

List buckets on the the specified page, use opc-next-page response
header from the previous “List” call


Command
-------

    oci os bucket list -c ocid1.compartment.oc1..aaaaaaaa3ffjane6aoullgob4daj6xw2bzkm7maswctna2zgoxfny4smpoha --page 1:ST3INStDGbRIG-qmfAZyXPBRQItAuxQ0BXNmGqu6Ry7ql1TQAXiDqNarcD_-b2sj


Output
------

   {
    "data": [
         {
              "compartment-id": "ocid1.compartment.oc1..aaaaaaaa3ffjane6aoullgob4daj6xw2bzkm7maswctna2zgoxfny4smpoha",
              "created-by": "ocid1.user.oc1..aaaaaaaatflstw5i7x3pb5ukijuanrhdgijymtiqwlkexuzar2aoyaluqcdq",
              "defined-tags": null,
              "etag": "9b78888f-c8b2-4dee-911b-4527c7231706",
              "freeform-tags": null,
              "name": "bucket-20221122-13261",
              "namespace": "bmcostests",
              "time-created": "2022-11-22T07:56:45.794000+00:00"
         },
         {
              "compartment-id": "ocid1.compartment.oc1..aaaaaaaa3ffjane6aoullgob4daj6xw2bzkm7maswctna2zgoxfny4smpoha",
              "created-by": "ocid1.user.oc1..aaaaaaaatflstw5i7x3pb5ukijuanrhdgijymtiqwlkexuzar2aoyaluqcdq",
              "defined-tags": null,
              "etag": "07b34ff2-6bca-46d5-ad6e-86a9c8a272a7",
              "freeform-tags": null,
              "name": "bucket-ab",
              "namespace": "bmcostests",
              "time-created": "2022-11-21T19:35:01.246000+00:00"
         }
    ]
   }


Description
-----------

Lists buckets in the compartment, with number of results per call
equal to the specified page size


Command
-------

    oci os bucket list -c ocid1.compartment.oc1..aaaaaaaa3ffjane6aoullgob4daj6xw2bzkm7maswctna2zgoxfny4smpoha --page-size 2


Output
------

   {
    "data": [
         {
              "compartment-id": "ocid1.compartment.oc1..aaaaaaaa3ffjane6aoullgob4daj6xw2bzkm7maswctna2zgoxfny4smpoha",
              "created-by": "ocid1.user.oc1..aaaaaaaatflstw5i7x3pb5ukijuanrhdgijymtiqwlkexuzar2aoyaluqcdq",
              "defined-tags": null,
              "etag": "25c87aa6-02e3-4246-9d29-3a44b4e59d8c",
              "freeform-tags": null,
              "name": "bucket-20221122-1322",
              "namespace": "bmcostests",
              "time-created": "2022-11-22T07:56:52.489000+00:00"
         },
         {
              "compartment-id": "ocid1.compartment.oc1..aaaaaaaa3ffjane6aoullgob4daj6xw2bzkm7maswctna2zgoxfny4smpoha",
              "created-by": "ocid1.user.oc1..aaaaaaaatflstw5i7x3pb5ukijuanrhdgijymtiqwlkexuzar2aoyaluqcdq",
              "defined-tags": null,
              "etag": "25d2ce40-a2bc-4e78-bf5b-f25053ede098",
              "freeform-tags": null,
              "name": "bucket-20221122-1326",
              "namespace": "bmcostests",
              "time-created": "2022-11-22T07:56:38.402000+00:00"
         },
         {
              "compartment-id": "ocid1.compartment.oc1..aaaaaaaa3ffjane6aoullgob4daj6xw2bzkm7maswctna2zgoxfny4smpoha",
              "created-by": "ocid1.user.oc1..aaaaaaaatflstw5i7x3pb5ukijuanrhdgijymtiqwlkexuzar2aoyaluqcdq",
              "defined-tags": null,
              "etag": "9b78888f-c8b2-4dee-911b-4527c7231706",
              "freeform-tags": null,
              "name": "bucket-20221122-13261",
              "namespace": "bmcostests",
              "time-created": "2022-11-22T07:56:45.794000+00:00"
         }
    ]
   }
