"create-sharded-database-create-dedicated-sharded-database"
***********************************************************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Creates a Sharded Database.


Usage
=====

   oci gdd sharded-database create-sharded-database-create-dedicated-sharded-database [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--catalog-details [complex type]

Collection of ATP-Dedicated catalogs that needs to be created. This is
a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be
provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file using
the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--character-set [text]

The character set for the new shard database being created. Use
database api ListAutonomousDatabaseCharacterSets to get the list of
allowed character set for autonomous dedicated database. See
documentation: https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/api/#/en/database/2
0160918/AutonomousDatabaseCharacterSets/ListAutonomousDatabaseCharact
erSets

--compartment-id, -c [text]

Identifier of the compartment where sharded database is to be created.

--db-version [text]

Oracle Database version of the Autonomous Container Database.

--db-workload [text]

Possible workload types.

Accepted values are:

   DW, OLTP

--display-name [text]

Oracle sharded database display name.

--listener-port [integer]

The listener port number for sharded database.

--listener-port-tls [integer]

The TLS listener port number for sharded database.

--ncharacter-set [text]

The national character set for the new shard database being created.
Use database api ListAutonomousDatabaseCharacterSets to get the list
of allowed national character set for autonomous dedicated database.
See documentation: https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/api/#/en/databa
se/20160918/AutonomousDatabaseCharacterSets/ListAutonomousDatabaseCha
racterSets

--ons-port-local [integer]

Ons port local for sharded database.

--ons-port-remote [integer]

Ons remote port for sharded database.

--prefix [text]

Unique name prefix for the sharded databases. Only alpha-numeric
values are allowed. First character has to be a letter followed by any
combination of letter and number.

--shard-details [complex type]

Collection of ATP-Dedicated shards that needs to be created. This is a
complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided
as a string on the command line or passed in as a file using the
file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--sharding-method [text]

Sharding Method.

Accepted values are:

   SYSTEM, USER


Optional Parameters
===================

--chunks [integer]

The default number of unique chunks in a shardspace. The value of
chunks must be greater than 2 times the size of the largest shardgroup
in any shardspace.

--cluster-certificate-common-name [text]

The certificate common name used in all cloudAutonomousVmClusters for
the sharded database topology. Eg. Production. All the clusters used
in one sharded database topology shall have same CABundle setup. Valid
characterset for clusterCertificateCommonName include uppercase or
lowercase letters, numbers, hyphens, underscores, and period.

--defined-tags [complex type]

Defined tags for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a
namespace. Example: *{“foo-namespace”: {“bar-key”: “value”}}* This is
a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be
provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file using
the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--freeform-tags [complex type]

Simple key-value pair that is applied without any predefined name,
type or scope. Exists for cross-compatibility only. Example: *{“bar-
key”: “value”}* This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON.
The value can be provided as a string on the command line or passed in
as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the work request to reach the state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--replication-factor [integer]

The Replication factor for RAFT replication based sharded database.
Currently supported values are 3, 5 and 7.

--replication-method [text]

The Replication method for sharded database.

--replication-unit [integer]

For RAFT replication based sharded database, the value should be
atleast twice the number of shards.

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation asynchronously creates, modifies or deletes a resource
and uses a work request to track the progress of the operation.
Specify this option to perform the action and then wait until the work
request reaches a certain state. Multiple states can be specified,
returning on the first state. For example, "--wait-for-state"
SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on whichever
lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a return code
of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1 is returned.

Accepted values are:

   ACCEPTED, CANCELED, CANCELING, FAILED, IN_PROGRESS, SUCCEEDED, WAITING

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the work request
has reached the state defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 30
seconds.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy and paste the following example into a JSON file, replacing the
example parameters with your own.

       oci gdd sharded-database create-sharded-database-create-dedicated-sharded-database --generate-param-json-input catalog-details > catalog-details.json
       oci gdd sharded-database create-sharded-database-create-dedicated-sharded-database --generate-param-json-input shard-details > shard-details.json

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export character_set=<substitute-value-of-character_set> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/gdd/sharded-database/create-sharded-database-create-dedicated-sharded-database.html#cmdoption-character-set
       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/gdd/sharded-database/create-sharded-database-create-dedicated-sharded-database.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export db_version=<substitute-value-of-db_version> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/gdd/sharded-database/create-sharded-database-create-dedicated-sharded-database.html#cmdoption-db-version
       export db_workload=<substitute-value-of-db_workload> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/gdd/sharded-database/create-sharded-database-create-dedicated-sharded-database.html#cmdoption-db-workload
       export display_name=<substitute-value-of-display_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/gdd/sharded-database/create-sharded-database-create-dedicated-sharded-database.html#cmdoption-display-name
       export listener_port=<substitute-value-of-listener_port> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/gdd/sharded-database/create-sharded-database-create-dedicated-sharded-database.html#cmdoption-listener-port
       export listener_port_tls=<substitute-value-of-listener_port_tls> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/gdd/sharded-database/create-sharded-database-create-dedicated-sharded-database.html#cmdoption-listener-port-tls
       export ncharacter_set=<substitute-value-of-ncharacter_set> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/gdd/sharded-database/create-sharded-database-create-dedicated-sharded-database.html#cmdoption-ncharacter-set
       export ons_port_local=<substitute-value-of-ons_port_local> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/gdd/sharded-database/create-sharded-database-create-dedicated-sharded-database.html#cmdoption-ons-port-local
       export ons_port_remote=<substitute-value-of-ons_port_remote> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/gdd/sharded-database/create-sharded-database-create-dedicated-sharded-database.html#cmdoption-ons-port-remote
       export prefix=<substitute-value-of-prefix> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/gdd/sharded-database/create-sharded-database-create-dedicated-sharded-database.html#cmdoption-prefix
       export sharding_method=<substitute-value-of-sharding_method> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/gdd/sharded-database/create-sharded-database-create-dedicated-sharded-database.html#cmdoption-sharding-method

       oci gdd sharded-database create-sharded-database-create-dedicated-sharded-database --catalog-details file://catalog-details.json --character-set $character_set --compartment-id $compartment_id --db-version $db_version --db-workload $db_workload --display-name $display_name --listener-port $listener_port --listener-port-tls $listener_port_tls --ncharacter-set $ncharacter_set --ons-port-local $ons_port_local --ons-port-remote $ons_port_remote --prefix $prefix --shard-details file://shard-details.json --sharding-method $sharding_method
