"summarize-exadata-insight-resource-statistics"
***********************************************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Lists the Resource statistics (usage, capacity, usage change percent,
utilization percent) for each resource based on resourceMetric
filtered by utilization level. Valid values for ResourceType DATABASE
are CPU,MEMORY,IO and STORAGE. Valid values for ResourceType HOST are
CPU and MEMORY. Valid values for ResourceType STORAGE_SERVER are
STORAGE, IOPS, THROUGHPUT. Valid value for ResourceType DISKGROUP is
STORAGE.


Usage
=====

   oci opsi exadata-insights summarize-exadata-insight-resource-statistics [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--exadata-insight-id [text]

OCID of exadata insight resource.

--resource-metric [text]

Filter by resource metric. Supported values are CPU , STORAGE, MEMORY,
IO, IOPS, THROUGHPUT

--resource-type [text]

Filter by resource. Supported values are HOST , STORAGE_SERVER and
DATABASE


Optional Parameters
===================

--analysis-time-interval [text]

Specify time period in ISO 8601 format with respect to current time.
Default is last 30 days represented by P30D. If timeInterval is
specified, then timeIntervalStart and timeIntervalEnd will be ignored.
Examples  P90D (last 90 days), P4W (last 4 weeks), P2M (last 2
months), P1Y (last 12 months), . Maximum value allowed is 25 months
prior to current time (P25M).

--cdb-name [text]

Filter by one or more cdb name.

--exadata-type [text]

Filter by one or more Exadata types. Possible value are DBMACHINE,
EXACS, and EXACC.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--host-name [text]

Filter by hostname.

--limit [integer]

For list pagination. The maximum number of results per page, or items
to return in a paginated “List” call. For important details about how
pagination works, see List Pagination. Example: *50*

--page [text]

For list pagination. The value of the *opc-next-page* response header
from the previous “List” call. For important details about how
pagination works, see List Pagination.

--percentile [integer]

Percentile values of daily usage to be used for computing the
aggregate resource usage.

--sort-by [text]

The order in which resource statistics records are listed

Accepted values are:

   usage, usageChangePercent, utilizationPercent

--sort-order [text]

The sort order to use, either ascending (*ASC*) or descending
(*DESC*).

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC

--time-interval-end [datetime]

Analysis end time in UTC in ISO 8601 format(exclusive). Example
2019-10-30T00:00:00Z (yyyy-MM-ddThh:mm:ssZ). timeIntervalStart and
timeIntervalEnd are used together. If timeIntervalEnd is not
specified, current time is used as timeIntervalEnd.

   The following datetime formats are supported:


UTC with microseconds
---------------------

   Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.ssssssTZD
   Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00.123456Z

   UTC with milliseconds
   ***********************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.sssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00.123Z

   UTC without milliseconds
   **************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00Z

   UTC with minute precision
   **************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mmTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T20:30Z


Timezone with microseconds
--------------------------

   Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
   Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456789-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456789-0800

   Timezone with milliseconds
   ***************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456-0800

   Timezone without milliseconds
   *******************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00-0800

   Timezone with minute precision
   *******************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mmTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T12:30-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30-0800

   Short date and time
   ********************
   The timezone for this date and time will be taken as UTC (Needs to be surrounded by single or double quotes)

   .. code::

       Format: 'YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm' or "YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm"
       Example: '2017-09-15 17:25'

   Date Only
   **********
   This date will be taken as midnight UTC of that day

   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DD
       Example: 2017-09-15

   Epoch seconds
   **************
   .. code::

       Example: 1412195400

--time-interval-start [datetime]

Analysis start time in UTC in ISO 8601 format(inclusive). Example
2019-10-30T00:00:00Z (yyyy-MM-ddThh:mm:ssZ). The minimum allowed value
is 2 years prior to the current day. timeIntervalStart and
timeIntervalEnd parameters are used together. If analysisTimeInterval
is specified, this parameter is ignored.

   The following datetime formats are supported:


UTC with microseconds
---------------------

   Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.ssssssTZD
   Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00.123456Z

   UTC with milliseconds
   ***********************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.sssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00.123Z

   UTC without milliseconds
   **************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00Z

   UTC with minute precision
   **************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mmTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T20:30Z


Timezone with microseconds
--------------------------

   Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
   Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456789-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456789-0800

   Timezone with milliseconds
   ***************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456-0800

   Timezone without milliseconds
   *******************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00-0800

   Timezone with minute precision
   *******************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mmTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T12:30-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30-0800

   Short date and time
   ********************
   The timezone for this date and time will be taken as UTC (Needs to be surrounded by single or double quotes)

   .. code::

       Format: 'YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm' or "YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm"
       Example: '2017-09-15 17:25'

   Date Only
   **********
   This date will be taken as midnight UTC of that day

   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DD
       Example: 2017-09-15

   Epoch seconds
   **************
   .. code::

       Example: 1412195400


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export exadata_insight_id=<substitute-value-of-exadata_insight_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/opsi/exadata-insights/summarize-exadata-insight-resource-statistics.html#cmdoption-exadata-insight-id
       export resource_metric=<substitute-value-of-resource_metric> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/opsi/exadata-insights/summarize-exadata-insight-resource-statistics.html#cmdoption-resource-metric
       export resource_type=<substitute-value-of-resource_type> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/opsi/exadata-insights/summarize-exadata-insight-resource-statistics.html#cmdoption-resource-type

       oci opsi exadata-insights summarize-exadata-insight-resource-statistics --exadata-insight-id $exadata_insight_id --resource-metric $resource_metric --resource-type $resource_type
