"update"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Updates the configuration of the specified HTTP monitor. Only the
fields specified in the request body will be updated; all other
configuration properties will remain unchanged.


Usage
=====

   oci health-checks http-monitor update [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--monitor-id [text]

The OCID of a monitor.


Optional Parameters
===================

--defined-tags [complex type]

Defined tags for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a
namespace. For more information, see Resource Tags. Example:
*{“Operations”: {“CostCenter”: “42”}}* This is a complex type whose
value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the
command line or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file
syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--display-name [text]

A user-friendly and mutable name suitable for display in a user
interface.

--force

Perform update without prompting for confirmation.

--freeform-tags [complex type]

Free-form tags for this resource. Each tag is a simple key-value pair
with no predefined name, type, or namespace.  For more information,
see Resource Tags. Example: *{“Department”: “Finance”}* This is a
complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided
as a string on the command line or passed in as a file using the
file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--headers [complex type]

A dictionary of HTTP request headers.

*Note:* Monitors and probes do not support the use of the
*Authorization* HTTP header. This is a complex type whose value must
be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the command
line or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--if-match [text]

For optimistic concurrency control. In the PUT or DELETE call for a
resource, set the *if-match* parameter to the value of the etag from a
previous GET or POST response for that resource.  The resource will be
updated or deleted only if the etag you provide matches the resource’s
current etag value.

--interval-in-seconds [integer]

The monitor interval in seconds. Valid values: 10, 30, and 60.

--is-enabled [boolean]

Enables or disables the monitor. Set to ‘true’ to launch monitoring.

--method [text]

Accepted values are:

   GET, HEAD

--path [text]

The optional URL path to probe, including query parameters.

--port [integer]

The port on which to probe endpoints. If unspecified, probes will use
the default port of their protocol.

--protocol [text]

Accepted values are:

   HTTP, HTTPS

--targets [complex type]

A list of targets (hostnames or IP addresses) of the probe. This is a
complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided
as a string on the command line or passed in as a file using the
file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--timeout-in-seconds [integer]

The probe timeout in seconds. Valid values: 10, 20, 30, and 60. The
probe timeout must be less than or equal to *intervalInSeconds* for
monitors.

--vantage-point-names [complex type]

A list of names of vantage points from which to execute the probe.
This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export monitor_id=<substitute-value-of-monitor_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/health-checks/http-monitor/update.html#cmdoption-monitor-id

       oci health-checks http-monitor update --monitor-id $monitor_id
