"update"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Updates the quota corresponding to given OCID with the details
supplied.


Usage
=====

   oci limits quota update [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--quota-id [text]

The OCID of the quota.


Optional Parameters
===================

--defined-tags [complex type]

Defined tags for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a
namespace. For more information, see Resource Tags. Example:
*{“Operations”: {“CostCenter”: “42”}}* This is a complex type whose
value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the
command line or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file
syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--description [text]

The description you assign to the quota.

--force

Perform update without prompting for confirmation.

--freeform-tags [complex type]

Free-form tags for this resource. Each tag is a simple key-value pair
with no predefined name, type, or namespace. For more information, see
Resource Tags. Example: *{“Department”: “Finance”}* This is a complex
type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a
string on the command line or passed in as a file using the
file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--if-match [text]

For optimistic concurrency control. In the PUT or DELETE call for a
resource, set the *if-match* parameter to the value of the etag from a
previous GET or POST response for that resource.  The resource is
updated or deleted only if the etag you provide matches the resource’s
current etag value.

--is-lock-override [boolean]

Whether to override locks (if any exist).

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the resource to reach the lifecycle state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--statements [complex type]

An array of quota statements written in the declarative quota
statement language. This is a complex type whose value must be valid
JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the command line or
passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation creates, modifies or deletes a resource that has a
defined lifecycle state. Specify this option to perform the action and
then wait until the resource reaches a given lifecycle state. Multiple
states can be specified, returning on the first state. For example, "
--wait-for-state" SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on
whichever lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a
return code of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1
is returned.

Accepted values are:

   ACTIVE

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the resource has
reached the lifecycle state defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to
30 seconds.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy and paste the following example into a JSON file, replacing the
example parameters with your own.

       oci limits quota create --generate-param-json-input statements > statements.json

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/limits/quota/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export description=<substitute-value-of-description> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/limits/quota/create.html#cmdoption-description
       export name=<substitute-value-of-name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/limits/quota/create.html#cmdoption-name

       quota_id=$(oci limits quota create --compartment-id $compartment_id --description $description --name $name --statements file://statements.json --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci limits quota update --quota-id $quota_id
