"connect"
*********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Connects this RPC to another one in a different region.

This operation must be called by the VCN administrator who is
designated as the *requestor* in the peering relationship. The
*acceptor* must implement an Identity and Access Management (IAM)
policy that gives the requestor permission to connect to RPCs in the
acceptor’s compartment. Without that permission, this operation will
fail. For more information, see VCN Peering.


Usage
=====

   oci network remote-peering-connection connect [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--peer-id [text]

The OCID of the RPC you want to peer with.

--peer-region-name [text]

The name of the region that contains the RPC you want to peer with.

The region names that could be used are listed here:
https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/Content/General/Concepts/regions.htm

Example:

   us-ashburn-1

--remote-peering-connection-id [text]

The OCID of the remote peering connection (RPC).


Optional Parameters
===================

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/network/drg/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export peer_id=<substitute-value-of-peer_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/network/remote-peering-connection/connect.html#cmdoption-peer-id
       export peer_region_name=<substitute-value-of-peer_region_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/network/remote-peering-connection/connect.html#cmdoption-peer-region-name

       drg_id=$(oci network drg create --compartment-id $compartment_id --query data.id --raw-output)

       remote_peering_connection_id=$(oci network remote-peering-connection create --compartment-id $compartment_id --drg-id $drg_id --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci network remote-peering-connection connect --peer-id $peer_id --peer-region-name $peer_region_name --remote-peering-connection-id $remote_peering_connection_id
