"list"
******

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Lists the supported Cloud Advisor categories.


Usage
=====

   oci optimizer category-summary list [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment.

--compartment-id-in-subtree [boolean]

When set to true, the hierarchy of compartments is traversed and all
compartments and subcompartments in the tenancy are returned depending
on the the setting of *accessLevel*.

Can only be set to true when performing ListCompartments on the
tenancy (root compartment).


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--child-tenancy-ids [text]

A list of child tenancies for which the respective data will be
returned. Please note that the parent tenancy id can also be included
in this list. For example, if there is a parent P with two children A
and B, to return results of only parent P and child A, this list
should be populated with tenancy id of parent P and child A.

If this list contains a tenancy id that isn’t part of the organization
of parent P, the request will fail. That is, let’s say there is an
organization with parent P with children A and B, and also one other
tenant T that isn’t part of the organization. If T is included in the
list of childTenancyIds, the request will fail.

It is important to note that if you are setting the
includeOrganization parameter value as true and also populating the
childTenancyIds parameter with a list of child tenancies, the request
will fail. The childTenancyIds and includeOrganization should be used
exclusively.

When using this parameter, please make sure to set the compartmentId
with the parent tenancy ID.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--include-organization [boolean]

When set to true, the data for all child tenancies including the
parent is returned. That is, if there is an organization with parent P
and children A and B, to return the data for the parent P, child A and
child B, this parameter value should be set to true.

Please note that this parameter shouldn’t be used along with
childTenancyIds parameter. If you would like to get results
specifically for parent P and only child A, use the childTenancyIds
parameter and populate the list with tenancy id of P and A.

When using this parameter, please make sure to set the compartmentId
with the parent tenancy ID.

--lifecycle-state [text]

A filter that returns results that match the lifecycle state
specified.

Accepted values are:

   ACTIVE, ATTACHING, CREATING, DELETED, DELETING, DETACHING, FAILED, INACTIVE, UPDATING

--limit [integer]

The maximum number of items to return in a paginated “List” call.

--name [text]

Optional. A filter that returns results that match the name specified.

--page [text]

The value of the *opc-next-page* response header from the previous
“List” call.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--sort-by [text]

The field to sort by. You can provide one sort order (*sortOrder*).
Default order for TIMECREATED is descending. Default order for NAME is
ascending. The NAME sort order is case sensitive.

Accepted values are:

   NAME, TIMECREATED

--sort-order [text]

The sort order to use, either ascending (*ASC*) or descending
(*DESC*).

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/optimizer/category-summary/list.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export compartment_id_in_subtree=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id_in_subtree> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/optimizer/category-summary/list.html#cmdoption-compartment-id-in-subtree

       oci optimizer category-summary list --compartment-id $compartment_id --compartment-id-in-subtree $compartment_id_in_subtree
