"list"
******

* Description

* Usage

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

List the work requests in a compartment. The query parameter
*compartmentId* is required unless the query parameter *id* or
*fleetId* is specified.


Usage
=====

   oci jms work-request list [OPTIONS]


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment in which to list resources.

--fleet-id [text]

The OCID of the fleet.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--id [text]

The ID of an asynchronous work request.

--limit [integer]

The maximum number of items to return.

--managed-instance-id [text]

The Fleet-unique identifier of the managed instance.

--operation-type [text]

The operation type of the work request.

Accepted values are:

   COLLECT_JFR, CREATE_DRS_FILE, CREATE_FLEET, CREATE_JAVA_INSTALLATION, DELETE_DRS_FILE, DELETE_FLEET, DELETE_JAVA_INSTALLATION, DELETE_JMS_REPORT, DISABLE_DRS, ENABLE_DRS, EXPORT_DATA_CSV, MOVE_FLEET, REQUEST_CRYPTO_EVENT_ANALYSIS, REQUEST_JAVA_MIGRATION_ANALYSIS, REQUEST_PERFORMANCE_TUNING_ANALYSIS, SCAN_JAVA_SERVER_USAGE, SCAN_LIBRARY_USAGE, UPDATE_DRS_FILE, UPDATE_FLEET, UPDATE_FLEET_AGENT_CONFIGURATION

--page [text]

The page token representing the page at which to start retrieving
results. The token is usually retrieved from a previous list call.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--status [text]

The status of the work request.

Accepted values are:

   ACCEPTED, CANCELED, CANCELING, FAILED, IN_PROGRESS, SUCCEEDED


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       oci jms work-request list
