"create"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Creates a custom SSL cipher suite.


Usage
=====

   oci lb ssl-cipher-suite create [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--ciphers [complex type]

A list of SSL ciphers the load balancer must support for HTTPS or SSL
connections.

The following ciphers are valid values for this property:

* __TLSv1.3 >>ciphers__<<

     “TLS_AES_128_GCM_SHA256”         “TLS_AES_256_GCM_SHA384”
     “TLS_CHACHA20_POLY1305_SHA256”         “TLS_AES_128_CCM_SHA256”
     “TLS_AES_128_CCM_8_SHA256”

* __TLSv1.2 >>ciphers__<<

     “AES128-GCM-SHA256”         “AES128-SHA256”         “AES256-GCM-
     SHA384”         “AES256-SHA256”         “DH-DSS-AES128-GCM-
     SHA256”         “DH-DSS-AES128-SHA256”         “DH-DSS-AES256
     -GCM-SHA384”         “DH-DSS-AES256-SHA256”         “DH-RSA-
     AES128-GCM-SHA256”         “DH-RSA-AES128-SHA256”         “DH-
     RSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384”         “DH-RSA-AES256-SHA256”
     “DHE-DSS-AES128-GCM-SHA256”         “DHE-DSS-AES128-SHA256”
     “DHE-DSS-AES256-GCM-SHA384”         “DHE-DSS-AES256-SHA256”
     “DHE-RSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256”         “DHE-RSA-AES128-SHA256”
     “DHE-RSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384”         “DHE-RSA-AES256-SHA256”
     “ECDH-ECDSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256”         “ECDH-ECDSA-AES128-SHA256”
     “ECDH-ECDSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384”         “ECDH-ECDSA-AES256-SHA384”
     “ECDH-RSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256”         “ECDH-RSA-AES128-SHA256”
     “ECDH-RSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384”         “ECDH-RSA-AES256-SHA384”
     “ECDHE-ECDSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256”         “ECDHE-ECDSA-
     AES128-SHA256”         “ECDHE-ECDSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384”
     “ECDHE-ECDSA-AES256-SHA384”         “ECDHE-RSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256”
     “ECDHE-RSA-AES128-SHA256”         “ECDHE-RSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384”
     “ECDHE-RSA-AES256-SHA384”

* __TLSv1 ciphers also supported by >>TLSv1.2__<<

     “AES128-SHA”         “AES256-SHA”         “CAMELLIA128-SHA”
     “CAMELLIA256-SHA”         “DES-CBC3-SHA”         “DH-DSS-
     AES128-SHA”         “DH-DSS-AES256-SHA”         “DH-DSS-
     CAMELLIA128-SHA”         “DH-DSS-CAMELLIA256-SHA”         “DH-
     DSS-DES-CBC3-SHAv”         “DH-DSS-SEED-SHA”         “DH-RSA-
     AES128-SHA”         “DH-RSA-AES256-SHA”         “DH-RSA-
     CAMELLIA128-SHA”         “DH-RSA-CAMELLIA256-SHA”         “DH-
     RSA-DES-CBC3-SHA”         “DH-RSA-SEED-SHA”         “DHE-DSS-
     AES128-SHA”         “DHE-DSS-AES256-SHA”         “DHE-DSS-
     CAMELLIA128-SHA”         “DHE-DSS-CAMELLIA256-SHA”         “DHE-
     DSS-DES-CBC3-SHA”         “DHE-DSS-SEED-SHA”         “DHE-RSA-
     AES128-SHA”         “DHE-RSA-AES256-SHA”         “DHE-RSA-
     CAMELLIA128-SHA”         “DHE-RSA-CAMELLIA256-SHA”         “DHE-
     RSA-DES-CBC3-SHA”         “DHE-RSA-SEED-SHA”         “ECDH-ECDSA-
     AES128-SHA”         “ECDH-ECDSA-AES256-SHA”         “ECDH-ECDSA-
     DES-CBC3-SHA”         “ECDH-ECDSA-RC4-SHA”         “ECDH-RSA-
     AES128-SHA”         “ECDH-RSA-AES256-SHA”         “ECDH-RSA-DES-
     CBC3-SHA”         “ECDH-RSA-RC4-SHA”         “ECDHE-ECDSA-
     AES128-SHA”         “ECDHE-ECDSA-AES256-SHA”         “ECDHE-
     ECDSA-DES-CBC3-SHA”         “ECDHE-ECDSA-RC4-SHA”         “ECDHE-
     RSA-AES128-SHA”         “ECDHE-RSA-AES256-SHA”         “ECDHE-
     RSA-DES-CBC3-SHA”         “ECDHE-RSA-RC4-SHA”         “IDEA-CBC-
     SHA”         “KRB5-DES-CBC3-MD5”         “KRB5-DES-CBC3-SHA”
     “KRB5-IDEA-CBC-MD5”         “KRB5-IDEA-CBC-SHA”
     “KRB5-RC4-MD5”         “KRB5-RC4-SHA”         “PSK-3DES-EDE-CBC-
     SHA”         “PSK-AES128-CBC-SHA”         “PSK-AES256-CBC-SHA”
     “PSK-RC4-SHA”         “RC4-MD5”         “RC4-SHA”         “SEED-
     SHA”

example: *[“ECDHE-RSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384”,”ECDHE-ECDSA-AES256-GCM-
SHA384”,”ECDHE-RSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256”]* This is a complex type whose
value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the
command line or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file
syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--load-balancer-id [text]

The OCID of the associated load balancer.

--name [text]

A friendly name for the SSL cipher suite. It must be unique and it
cannot be changed.

**Note:** The name of your user-defined cipher suite must not be the
same as any of Oracle’s predefined or           reserved SSL cipher
suite names:

* oci-default-ssl-cipher-suite-v1 * oci-modern-ssl-cipher-suite-v1 *
  oci-compatible-ssl-cipher-suite-v1 * oci-wider-compatible-ssl-
  cipher-suite-v1 * oci-customized-ssl-cipher-suite * oci-default-
  http2-ssl-cipher-suite-v1 * oci-default-http2-tls-13-ssl-cipher-
  suite-v1 * oci-default-http2-tls-12-13-ssl-cipher-suite-v1 * oci-
  tls-13-recommended-ssl-cipher-suite-v1 * oci-tls-12-13-wider-ssl-
  cipher-suite-v1 * oci-tls-11-12-13-wider-ssl-cipher-suite-v1

example: *example_cipher_suite*


Optional Parameters
===================

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--if-match [text]

For optimistic concurrency control. In the PUT or DELETE call for a
resource, set the if-match parameter to the value of the ETag for the
load balancer. This value can be obtained from a GET or POST response
for any resource of that load balancer.

For example, the eTag returned by getListener can be specified as the
ifMatch for updateRuleSets.

The resource is updated or deleted only if the ETag you provide
matches the resource’s current ETag value.

Example:

   example-etag

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the work request to reach the state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation asynchronously creates, modifies or deletes a resource
and uses a work request to track the progress of the operation.
Specify this option to perform the action and then wait until the work
request reaches a certain state. Multiple states can be specified,
returning on the first state. For example, "--wait-for-state"
SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on whichever
lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a return code
of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1 is returned.

Accepted values are:

   ACCEPTED, FAILED, IN_PROGRESS, SUCCEEDED

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the work request
has reached the state defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 30
seconds.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy and paste the following example into a JSON file, replacing the
example parameters with your own.

       oci lb load-balancer create --generate-param-json-input subnet-ids > subnet-ids.json

       oci lb ssl-cipher-suite create --generate-param-json-input ciphers > ciphers.json

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/lb/load-balancer/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export display_name=<substitute-value-of-display_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/lb/load-balancer/create.html#cmdoption-display-name
       export shape_name=<substitute-value-of-shape_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/lb/load-balancer/create.html#cmdoption-shape-name

       load_balancer_id=$(oci lb load-balancer create --compartment-id $compartment_id --display-name $display_name --shape-name $shape_name --subnet-ids file://subnet-ids.json --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci lb ssl-cipher-suite create --ciphers file://ciphers.json --load-balancer-id $load_balancer_id --name $name
