"update"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Updates the display name or tags associated with a listing’s
previously accepted terms of use agreement.


Usage
=====

   oci marketplace accepted-agreement update [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--accepted-agreement-id [text]

The unique identifier for the accepted terms of use agreement.


Optional Parameters
===================

--defined-tags [complex type]

The defined tags associated with this resource, if any. Each key is
predefined and scoped to namespaces. For more information, see
Resource Tags. Example: *{“Operations”: {“CostCenter”: “42”}}* This is
a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be
provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file using
the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--display-name [text]

A display name for the accepted agreement.

--force

Perform update without prompting for confirmation.

--freeform-tags [complex type]

The freeform tags associated with this resource, if any. Each tag is a
simple key-value pair with no predefined name, type, or namespace. For
more information, see Resource Tags. Example: *{“Department”:
“Finance”}* This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The
value can be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as
a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--if-match [text]

For optimistic concurrency control. In the PUT or DELETE call for a
resource, set the *if-match* parameter to the value of the etag from a
previous GET or POST response for that resource.  The resource will be
updated or deleted only if the etag you provide matches the resource’s
current etag value.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export agreement_id=<substitute-value-of-agreement_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/marketplace/accepted-agreement/create.html#cmdoption-agreement-id
       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/marketplace/accepted-agreement/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export listing_id=<substitute-value-of-listing_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/marketplace/accepted-agreement/create.html#cmdoption-listing-id
       export package_version=<substitute-value-of-package_version> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/marketplace/accepted-agreement/create.html#cmdoption-package-version
       export signature=<substitute-value-of-signature> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/marketplace/accepted-agreement/create.html#cmdoption-signature

       accepted_agreement_id=$(oci marketplace accepted-agreement create --agreement-id $agreement_id --compartment-id $compartment_id --listing-id $listing_id --package-version $package_version --signature $signature --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci marketplace accepted-agreement update --accepted-agreement-id $accepted_agreement_id
