"get"
*****

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Gets the specified ODA Private Endpoint Scan Proxy.


Usage
=====

   oci oda management oda-private-endpoint-scan-proxy get [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--oda-private-endpoint-id [text]

Unique ODA Private Endpoint identifier which is the OCID.

--oda-private-endpoint-scan-proxy-id [text]

Unique ODA Private Endpoint Scan Proxy identifier.


Optional Parameters
===================

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy and paste the following example into a JSON file, replacing the
example parameters with your own.

       oci oda management oda-private-endpoint-scan-proxy create --generate-param-json-input scan-listener-infos > scan-listener-infos.json

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/oda/management/oda-private-endpoint/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export subnet_id=<substitute-value-of-subnet_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/oda/management/oda-private-endpoint/create.html#cmdoption-subnet-id
       export oda_private_endpoint_id=<substitute-value-of-oda_private_endpoint_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/oda/management/oda-private-endpoint-scan-proxy/create.html#cmdoption-oda-private-endpoint-id
       export protocol=<substitute-value-of-protocol> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/oda/management/oda-private-endpoint-scan-proxy/create.html#cmdoption-protocol
       export scan_listener_type=<substitute-value-of-scan_listener_type> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/oda/management/oda-private-endpoint-scan-proxy/create.html#cmdoption-scan-listener-type

       oda_private_endpoint_id=$(oci oda management oda-private-endpoint create --compartment-id $compartment_id --subnet-id $subnet_id --query data.id --raw-output)

       oda_private_endpoint_scan_proxy_id=$(oci oda management oda-private-endpoint-scan-proxy create --oda-private-endpoint-id $oda_private_endpoint_id --protocol $protocol --scan-listener-infos file://scan-listener-infos.json --scan-listener-type $scan_listener_type --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci oda management oda-private-endpoint-scan-proxy get --oda-private-endpoint-id $oda_private_endpoint_id --oda-private-endpoint-scan-proxy-id $oda_private_endpoint_scan_proxy_id
