"create-boot-volume-boot-volume-source-from-boot-volume-replica-details"
************************************************************************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Creates a new boot volume in the specified compartment from an
existing boot volume or a boot volume backup. For general information
about boot volumes, see Boot Volumes. You may optionally specify a
*display name* for the volume, which is simply a friendly name or
description. It does not have to be unique, and you can change it.
Avoid entering confidential information.


Usage
=====

   oci bv boot-volume create-boot-volume-boot-volume-source-from-boot-volume-replica-details [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment that contains the boot volume.

--source-details-id [text]

The OCID of the boot volume replica.


Optional Parameters
===================

--autotune-policies [complex type]

The list of autotune policies to be enabled for this volume.

This option is a JSON list with items of type AutotunePolicy.  For
documentation on AutotunePolicy please see our API reference: https:/
/docs.cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/iaas/20160918/datatypes/AutotunePolic
y. This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value
can be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--availability-domain [text]

The availability domain of the volume. Omissible for cloning a volume.
The new volume will be created in the availability domain of the
source volume.

Example:

   Uocm:PHX-AD-1

--backup-policy-id [text]

If provided, specifies the ID of the boot volume backup policy to
assign to the newly created boot volume. If omitted, no policy will be
assigned.

--boot-volume-replicas [complex type]

The list of boot volume replicas to be enabled for this boot volume in
the specified destination availability domains.

This option is a JSON list with items of type
BootVolumeReplicaDetails.  For documentation on
BootVolumeReplicaDetails please see our API reference: https://docs.c
loud.oracle.com/api/#/en/iaas/20160918/datatypes/BootVolumeReplicaDet
ails. This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value
can be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--cluster-placement-group-id [text]

The clusterPlacementGroup Id of the volume for volume placement.

--defined-tags [complex type]

Defined tags for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a
namespace. For more information, see Resource Tags.

Example:

   {"Operations": {"CostCenter": "42"}}

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--display-name [text]

A user-friendly name. Does not have to be unique, and it’s changeable.
Avoid entering confidential information.

--freeform-tags [complex type]

Free-form tags for this resource. Each tag is a simple key-value pair
with no predefined name, type, or namespace. For more information, see
Resource Tags.

Example:

   {"Department": "Finance"}

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--is-auto-tune-enabled [boolean]

Specifies whether the auto-tune performance is enabled for this boot
volume. This field is deprecated. Use the
*DetachedVolumeAutotunePolicy* instead to enable the volume for
detached autotune.

--kms-key-id [text]

The OCID of the Vault service key to assign as the master encryption
key for the boot volume.

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the resource to reach the lifecycle state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--size-in-gbs [integer]

The size of the volume in GBs.

--vpus-per-gb [integer]

The number of volume performance units (VPUs) that will be applied to
this volume per GB, representing the Block Volume service’s elastic
performance options. See Block Volume Performance Levels for more
information.

Allowed values:

   * *10*: Represents the Balanced option.

   * *20*: Represents the Higher Performance option.

   * *30*-*120*: Represents the Ultra High Performance option.

For performance autotune enabled volumes, it would be the
Default(Minimum) VPUs/GB.

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation creates, modifies or deletes a resource that has a
defined lifecycle state. Specify this option to perform the action and
then wait until the resource reaches a given lifecycle state. Multiple
states can be specified, returning on the first state. For example, "
--wait-for-state" SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on
whichever lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a
return code of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1
is returned.

Accepted values are:

   AVAILABLE, FAULTY, PROVISIONING, RESTORING, TERMINATED, TERMINATING

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the resource has
reached the lifecycle state defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to
30 seconds.

--xrc-kms-key-id [text]

The OCID of the Vault service key which is the master encryption key
for the boot volume cross region backups, which will be used in the
destination region to encrypt the backup’s encryption keys. For more
information about the Vault service and encryption keys, see Overview
of Vault service and Using Keys.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/bv/boot-volume/create-boot-volume-boot-volume-source-from-boot-volume-replica-details.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export source_details_id=<substitute-value-of-source_details_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/bv/boot-volume/create-boot-volume-boot-volume-source-from-boot-volume-replica-details.html#cmdoption-source-details-id

       oci bv boot-volume create-boot-volume-boot-volume-source-from-boot-volume-replica-details --compartment-id $compartment_id --source-details-id $source_details_id
