"create"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Creates a new job definition.


Usage
=====

   oci data-catalog job-definition create [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--catalog-id [text]

Unique catalog identifier.

--display-name [text]

A user-friendly display name. Does not have to be unique, and it’s
changeable. Avoid entering confidential information.

--job-type [text]

Type of the job definition.

Accepted values are:

   ASYNC_DELETE, ASYNC_EXPORT_DATA_ASSET, ASYNC_EXPORT_GLOSSARY, CREATE_SCAN_PROXY, EXPORT, EXPORT_GLOSSARY, HARVEST, IMMEDIATE, IMMEDIATE_EXECUTION, IMPORT, IMPORT_DATA_ASSET, IMPORT_GLOSSARY, INTERNAL, PREVIEW, PROFILING, PURGE, SAMPLING, SCHEDULED, SCHEDULED_EXECUTION, SCHEDULED_EXECUTION_INSTANCE


Optional Parameters
===================

--connection-key [text]

The key of the connection resource to be used for the job.

--data-asset-key [text]

The key of the data asset for which the job is defined.

--description [text]

Detailed description of the job definition.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--glossary-key [text]

Unique key of the glossary to which this job applies.

--is-incremental [boolean]

Specifies if the job definition is incremental or full.

--is-sample-data-extracted [boolean]

Specify if sample data to be extracted as part of this harvest.

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the resource to reach the lifecycle state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--properties [complex type]

A map of maps that contains the properties which are specific to the
job type. Each job type definition may define it’s set of required and
optional properties. The map keys are category names and the values
are maps of property name to property value. Every property is
contained inside of a category. Most job definitions have required
properties within the “default” category. Example: *{“properties”: {
“default”: { “host”: “host1”, “port”: “1521”, “database”: “orcl”}}}*
This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--sample-data-size-in-mbs [integer]

Specify the sample data size in MB, specified as number of rows, for
this metadata harvest.

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation creates, modifies or deletes a resource that has a
defined lifecycle state. Specify this option to perform the action and
then wait until the resource reaches a given lifecycle state. Multiple
states can be specified, returning on the first state. For example, "
--wait-for-state" SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on
whichever lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a
return code of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1
is returned.

Accepted values are:

   ACTIVE, CREATING, DELETED, DELETING, FAILED, INACTIVE, MOVING, UPDATING

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the resource has
reached the lifecycle state defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to
30 seconds.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/data-catalog/catalog/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export display_name=<substitute-value-of-display_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/data-catalog/job-definition/create.html#cmdoption-display-name
       export job_type=<substitute-value-of-job_type> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/data-catalog/job-definition/create.html#cmdoption-job-type

       catalog_id=$(oci data-catalog catalog create --compartment-id $compartment_id --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci data-catalog job-definition create --catalog-id $catalog_id --display-name $display_name --job-type $job_type
