"get"
*****

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Gets a virtual networking topology for the current region.


Usage
=====

   oci network networking-topology get [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment.


Optional Parameters
===================

--access-level [text]

Valid values are *ANY* and *ACCESSIBLE*. The default is *ANY*. Setting
this to *ACCESSIBLE* returns only compartments for which a user has
INSPECT permissions, either directly or indirectly (permissions can be
on a resource in a subcompartment). A restricted set of fields is
returned for compartments in which a user has indirect INSPECT
permissions.

When set to *ANY* permissions are not checked.

Accepted values are:

   ACCESSIBLE, ANY

--cache-control [text]

The Cache-Control HTTP header holds directives (instructions) for
caching in both requests and responses.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--if-none-match [text]

For querying if there is a cached value on the server. The If-None-
Match HTTP request header makes the request conditional. For GET and
HEAD methods, the server will send back the requested resource, with a
200 status, only if it doesn’t have an ETag matching the given ones.
For other methods, the request will be processed only if the
eventually existing resource’s ETag doesn’t match any of the values
listed.

--query-compartment-subtree [boolean]

When set to true, the hierarchy of compartments is traversed and the
specified compartment and its subcompartments are inspected depending
on the the setting of *accessLevel*. Default is false.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/network/networking-topology/get.html#cmdoption-compartment-id

       oci network networking-topology get --compartment-id $compartment_id
