"from-object-uri"
*****************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Imports an exported image from the Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Object
Storage Service using the Object Storage Service URL to identify the
location to import from.

For more information about importing exported images, see Image
Import/Export.

See Object Storage URLs and [pre-authenticated requests] for
constructing URLs for image import/export.

You may optionally specify a display name for the image, which is
simply a friendly name or description. It does not have to be unique,
and you can change it. See UpdateImage. Avoid entering confidential
information.


Usage
=====

   oci compute image import from-object-uri [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment you want the image to be created in.

--uri [text]

The Object Storage URL to import the image from.


Optional Parameters
===================

--defined-tags [complex type]

Defined tags for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a
namespace. For more information, see Resource Tags.

Example:

   {"Operations": {"CostCenter": "42"}}

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--display-name [text]

A user-friendly name for the image. It does not have to be unique, and
it’s changeable. Avoid entering confidential information.

You cannot use a platform image name as a custom image name.

Example:

   My Oracle Linux image

--freeform-tags [complex type]

Free-form tags for this resource. Each tag is a simple key-value pair
with no predefined name, type, or namespace. For more information, see
Resource Tags.

Example:

   {"Department": "Finance"}

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--launch-mode [text]

Specifies the configuration mode for launching virtual machine (VM)
instances. The configuration modes are: * *NATIVE* - VM instances
launch with iSCSI boot and VFIO devices. The default value for
platform images. * *EMULATED* - VM instances launch with emulated
devices, such as the E1000 network driver and emulated SCSI disk
controller. * *PARAVIRTUALIZED* - VM instances launch with
paravirtualized devices using VirtIO drivers. * *CUSTOM* - VM
instances launch with custom configuration settings specified in the
*LaunchOptions* parameter.

Accepted values are:

   CUSTOM, EMULATED, NATIVE, PARAVIRTUALIZED

--operating-system [text]

The image’s operating system.

Example:

   Oracle Linux

--operating-system-version [text]

The image’s operating system version.

Example:

   7.2

--source-image-type [text]

The format of the image to be imported. Exported Oracle images are
QCOW2. Only monolithic images are supported.

Accepted values are:

   QCOW2, VMDK


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/compute/image/import/from-object-uri.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export uri=<substitute-value-of-uri> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/compute/image/import/from-object-uri.html#cmdoption-uri

       oci compute image import from-object-uri --compartment-id $compartment_id --uri $uri
