"get"
*****

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Gets the results for a specific execution of a monitor identified by
OCID. The results are in a HAR file, Screenshot, Console Log or
Network details.


Usage
=====

   oci apm-synthetics monitor-result get [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--apm-domain-id [text]

The APM domain ID the request is intended for.

--execution-time [text]

The time the object was posted.

--monitor-id [text]

The OCID of the monitor.

--result-content-type [text]

The result content type: zip or raw.

--result-type [text]

The result type: har, screenshot, log, or network.

--vantage-point [text]

The vantagePoint name.


Optional Parameters
===================

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export apm_domain_id=<substitute-value-of-apm_domain_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/apm-synthetics/monitor-result/get.html#cmdoption-apm-domain-id
       export execution_time=<substitute-value-of-execution_time> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/apm-synthetics/monitor-result/get.html#cmdoption-execution-time
       export monitor_id=<substitute-value-of-monitor_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/apm-synthetics/monitor-result/get.html#cmdoption-monitor-id
       export result_content_type=<substitute-value-of-result_content_type> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/apm-synthetics/monitor-result/get.html#cmdoption-result-content-type
       export result_type=<substitute-value-of-result_type> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/apm-synthetics/monitor-result/get.html#cmdoption-result-type
       export vantage_point=<substitute-value-of-vantage_point> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/apm-synthetics/monitor-result/get.html#cmdoption-vantage-point

       oci apm-synthetics monitor-result get --apm-domain-id $apm_domain_id --execution-time $execution_time --monitor-id $monitor_id --result-content-type $result_content_type --result-type $result_type --vantage-point $vantage_point
