"list"
******

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Retrieves a list of UserDefinedFunctions in a function library.


Usage
=====

   oci data-integration user-defined-function list [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--workspace-id [text]

The workspace ID.


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--fields [text]

Specifies the fields to get for an object.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--function-library-key [text]

Unique key of the FunctionLibrary.

--identifier [text]

Used to filter by the identifier of the object.

--limit [integer]

Sets the maximum number of results per page, or items to return in a
paginated *List* call. See List Pagination.

--name [text]

Used to filter by the name of the object.

--page [text]

For list pagination. The value for this parameter is the *opc-next-
page* or the *opc-prev-page* response header from the previous *List*
call. See List Pagination.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--sort-by [text]

Specifies the field to sort by. Accepts only one field. By default,
when you sort by time fields, results are shown in descending order.
All other fields default to ascending order. Sorting related
parameters are ignored when parameter *query* is present (search
operation and sorting order is by relevance score in descending
order).

Accepted values are:

   DISPLAY_NAME, TIME_CREATED, TIME_UPDATED

--sort-order [text]

Specifies sort order to use, either *ASC* (ascending) or *DESC*
(descending).

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/data-integration/workspace/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export display_name=<substitute-value-of-display_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/data-integration/workspace/create.html#cmdoption-display-name
       export is_private_network=<substitute-value-of-is_private_network> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/data-integration/workspace/create.html#cmdoption-is-private-network

       workspace_id=$(oci data-integration workspace create --compartment-id $compartment_id --display-name $display_name --is-private-network $is_private_network --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci data-integration user-defined-function list --workspace-id $workspace_id
