"list"
******

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Returns the list of audit archive retrieval.


Usage
=====

   oci data-safe audit-archive-retrieval list [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

A filter to return only resources that match the specified compartment
OCID.


Optional Parameters
===================

--access-level [text]

Valid values are RESTRICTED and ACCESSIBLE. Default is RESTRICTED.
Setting this to ACCESSIBLE returns only those compartments for which
the user has INSPECT permissions directly or indirectly (permissions
can be on a resource in a subcompartment). When set to RESTRICTED
permissions are checked and no partial results are displayed.

Accepted values are:

   ACCESSIBLE, RESTRICTED

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--audit-archive-retrieval-id [text]

OCID of the archive retrieval.

--compartment-id-in-subtree [boolean]

Default is false. When set to true, the hierarchy of compartments is
traversed and all compartments and subcompartments in the tenancy are
returned. Depends on the ‘accessLevel’ setting.

--display-name [text]

A filter to return only resources that match the specified display
name.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--lifecycle-state [text]

A filter to return only resources that matches the specified lifecycle
state.

Accepted values are:

   ACTIVE, CREATING, DELETED, DELETING, FAILED, NEEDS_ATTENTION, UPDATING

--limit [integer]

For list pagination. The maximum number of items to return per page in
a paginated “List” call. For details about how pagination works, see
List Pagination.

--page [text]

For list pagination. The page token representing the page at which to
start retrieving results. It is usually retrieved from a previous
“List” call. For details about how pagination works, see List
Pagination.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--sort-by [text]

The field used for sorting. Only one sorting order (sortOrder) can be
specified. The default order for TIMECREATED is descending. The
default order for DISPLAYNAME is ascending. The DISPLAYNAME sort order
is case sensitive.

Accepted values are:

   DISPLAYNAME, TIMECREATED

--sort-order [text]

The sort order to use, either ascending (ASC) or descending (DESC).

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC

--target-id [text]

The OCID of the target associated with the archive retrieval.

--time-of-expiry [datetime]

The date time when retrieved archive data will be deleted from Data
Safe and unloaded back into archival.

   The following datetime formats are supported:


UTC with microseconds
---------------------

   Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.ssssssTZD
   Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00.123456Z

   UTC with milliseconds
   ***********************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.sssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00.123Z

   UTC without milliseconds
   **************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00Z

   UTC with minute precision
   **************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mmTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T20:30Z


Timezone with microseconds
--------------------------

   Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
   Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456789-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456789-0800

   Timezone with milliseconds
   ***************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456-0800

   Timezone without milliseconds
   *******************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00-0800

   Timezone with minute precision
   *******************************
   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mmTZD
       Example: 2017-09-15T12:30-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30-0800

   Short date and time
   ********************
   The timezone for this date and time will be taken as UTC (Needs to be surrounded by single or double quotes)

   .. code::

       Format: 'YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm' or "YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm"
       Example: '2017-09-15 17:25'

   Date Only
   **********
   This date will be taken as midnight UTC of that day

   .. code::

       Format: YYYY-MM-DD
       Example: 2017-09-15

   Epoch seconds
   **************
   .. code::

       Example: 1412195400


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/data-safe/audit-archive-retrieval/list.html#cmdoption-compartment-id

       oci data-safe audit-archive-retrieval list --compartment-id $compartment_id
