"list"
******

* Description

* Usage

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Returns a list of MediaAssetSummary.


Usage
=====

   oci media-services media-asset list [OPTIONS]


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--bucket-name [text]

Filter MediaAsset by the bucket where the object is stored.

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The ID of the compartment in which to list resources.

--display-name [text]

A filter to return only the resources that match the entire display
name given.

--distribution-channel-id [text]

Unique DistributionChannel identifier.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--lifecycle-state [text]

A filter to return only the resources with lifecycleState matching the
given lifecycleState.

Accepted values are:

   ACTIVE, CREATING, DELETED, DELETING, FAILED, UPDATING

--limit [integer]

The maximum number of items to return.

--master-media-asset-id [text]

Unique MediaAsset identifier of the first asset upload.

--media-workflow-job-id [text]

The ID of the MediaWorkflowJob used to produce this asset, if this
parameter is supplied then the workflow ID must also be supplied.

--object-name [text]

Filter MediaAsset by the name of the object in object storage.

--page [text]

A token representing the position at which to start retrieving
results. This must come from the *opc-next-page* header field of a
previous response.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--parent-media-asset-id [text]

Unique MediaAsset identifier of the asset from which this asset is
derived.

--sort-by [text]

The field to sort by. Only one sort order may be provided. Default
order for timeCreated is descending. Default order for displayName is
ascending.

Accepted values are:

   compartmentId, displayName, lifecycleState, masterMediaAssetId, parentMediaAssetId, timeCreated, timeUpdated, type

--sort-order [text]

The sort order to use, either ‘ASC’ or ‘DESC’.

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC

--source-media-workflow-id [text]

The ID of the MediaWorkflow used to produce this asset.

--source-media-workflow-version [integer]

The version of the MediaWorkflow used to produce this asset.

--type [text]

Filter MediaAsset by the asset type.

Accepted values are:

   AUDIO, CAPTION_FILE, IMAGE, PLAYLIST, UNKNOWN, VIDEO


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       oci media-services media-asset list
