"list"
******

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter

* Other Examples


Description
===========

Lists pre-authenticated requests for the bucket.


Usage
=====

   oci os preauth-request list [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--bucket-name, -bn [text]

The name of the bucket. Avoid entering confidential information.
Example: *my-new-bucket1*


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--limit [integer]

For list pagination. The maximum number of results per page, or items
to return in a paginated “List” call. For important details about how
pagination works, see List Pagination.

--namespace-name, --namespace, -ns [text]

The Object Storage namespace used for the request. If not provided,
this parameter will be obtained internally using a call to ‘oci os ns
get’

--object-name-prefix [text]

User-specified object name prefixes can be used to query and return a
list of pre-authenticated requests.

--page [text]

For list pagination. The value of the *opc-next-page* response header
from the previous “List” call. For important details about how
pagination works, see List Pagination.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export bucket_name=<substitute-value-of-bucket_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/os/preauth-request/list.html#cmdoption-bucket-name

       oci os preauth-request list --bucket-name $bucket_name


Other Examples
==============


Description
-----------

Lists pre-authenticated requests for the bucket


Command
-------

    oci os preauth-request list -bn bucket-client


Output
------

   {
    "data": [
         {
              "access-type": "AnyObjectRead",
              "bucket-listing-action": "Deny",
              "id": "Yiq0FgAlVshUPr0UJPm9p1IHzZiUZltFgDTb2Lwzgt6ykFdCFrETsvTBcgoeNpn/",
              "name": "new-preauth-request",
              "object-name": "test.txt",
              "time-created": "2022-11-22T12:53:29.527000+00:00",
              "time-expires": "2022-11-23T00:00:00+00:00"
         },
         {
              "access-type": "AnyObjectRead",
              "bucket-listing-action": "ListObjects",
              "id": "YvXG0ZKZ6G+H/nGGoyOZ8OuOJNSm3k2rjIozb47ZQ0wi6MpWkXfkC/GwmlaJLMeE",
              "name": "new-preauth-request",
              "object-name": null,
              "time-created": "2022-11-22T12:50:27.298000+00:00",
              "time-expires": "2022-11-23T00:00:00+00:00"
         },
         {
              "access-type": "AnyObjectRead",
              "bucket-listing-action": "Deny",
              "id": "h1fF4fq+1/aSDWJAEtnqcBolbzjmQ5d1h+5WK5VAVt50f2YmVQW/SLoYuqA4djLE",
              "name": "new-preauth-request",
              "object-name": null,
              "time-created": "2022-11-22T12:52:09.560000+00:00",
              "time-expires": "2022-11-23T00:00:00+00:00"
         }
    ]
   }


Description
-----------

Lists all pre-authenticated requests for the bucket


Command
-------

    oci os preauth-request list -bn bucket-client --all


Output
------

   {
    "data": [
         {
              "access-type": "AnyObjectRead",
              "bucket-listing-action": "Deny",
              "id": "Yiq0FgAlVshUPr0UJPm9p1IHzZiUZltFgDTb2Lwzgt6ykFdCFrETsvTBcgoeNpn/",
              "name": "new-preauth-request",
              "object-name": "test.txt",
              "time-created": "2022-11-22T12:53:29.527000+00:00",
              "time-expires": "2022-11-23T00:00:00+00:00"
         },
         {
              "access-type": "AnyObjectRead",
              "bucket-listing-action": "ListObjects",
              "id": "YvXG0ZKZ6G+H/nGGoyOZ8OuOJNSm3k2rjIozb47ZQ0wi6MpWkXfkC/GwmlaJLMeE",
              "name": "new-preauth-request",
              "object-name": null,
              "time-created": "2022-11-22T12:50:27.298000+00:00",
              "time-expires": "2022-11-23T00:00:00+00:00"
         },
         {
              "access-type": "AnyObjectRead",
              "bucket-listing-action": "Deny",
              "id": "h1fF4fq+1/aSDWJAEtnqcBolbzjmQ5d1h+5WK5VAVt50f2YmVQW/SLoYuqA4djLE",
              "name": "new-preauth-request",
              "object-name": null,
              "time-created": "2022-11-22T12:52:09.560000+00:00",
              "time-expires": "2022-11-23T00:00:00+00:00"
         }
    ]
   }


Description
-----------

Lists pre-authenticated requests for the bucket, with maximum number
of results per page equal to specified limit


Command
-------

    oci os preauth-request list -bn bucket-client --limit 2


Output
------

   {
    "data": [
         {
              "access-type": "AnyObjectRead",
              "bucket-listing-action": "Deny",
              "id": "Yiq0FgAlVshUPr0UJPm9p1IHzZiUZltFgDTb2Lwzgt6ykFdCFrETsvTBcgoeNpn/",
              "name": "new-preauth-request",
              "object-name": "test.txt",
              "time-created": "2022-11-22T12:53:29.527000+00:00",
              "time-expires": "2022-11-23T00:00:00+00:00"
         },
         {
              "access-type": "AnyObjectRead",
              "bucket-listing-action": "ListObjects",
              "id": "YvXG0ZKZ6G+H/nGGoyOZ8OuOJNSm3k2rjIozb47ZQ0wi6MpWkXfkC/GwmlaJLMeE",
              "name": "new-preauth-request",
              "object-name": null,
              "time-created": "2022-11-22T12:50:27.298000+00:00",
              "time-expires": "2022-11-23T00:00:00+00:00"
         }
    ],
    "opc-next-page": "1:n8NoRekgH6jDg0qD-jamotRiRw-vnH8EZHU02xd9bGT4jdVQUccsSF9JMZbUdEIwriDUs7uAk3XnIz2U5zoXQsQAKboLf5VkbOYfJbVRVo_hdurjKjYFdLRceICRUjwaMGFDu8-obWYIK1U2NZ0Je-GWnq6MZHd4uDk6h3cEVJ0="
   }


Description
-----------

Lists pre-authenticated requests for the bucket in the specified
namespace


Command
-------

    oci os preauth-request list -bn bucket-client -ns bmcostests


Output
------

   {
    "data": [
         {
              "access-type": "AnyObjectRead",
              "bucket-listing-action": "Deny",
              "id": "Yiq0FgAlVshUPr0UJPm9p1IHzZiUZltFgDTb2Lwzgt6ykFdCFrETsvTBcgoeNpn/",
              "name": "new-preauth-request",
              "object-name": "test.txt",
              "time-created": "2022-11-22T12:53:29.527000+00:00",
              "time-expires": "2022-11-23T00:00:00+00:00"
         },
         {
              "access-type": "AnyObjectRead",
              "bucket-listing-action": "ListObjects",
              "id": "YvXG0ZKZ6G+H/nGGoyOZ8OuOJNSm3k2rjIozb47ZQ0wi6MpWkXfkC/GwmlaJLMeE",
              "name": "new-preauth-request",
              "object-name": null,
              "time-created": "2022-11-22T12:50:27.298000+00:00",
              "time-expires": "2022-11-23T00:00:00+00:00"
         },
         {
              "access-type": "AnyObjectRead",
              "bucket-listing-action": "Deny",
              "id": "h1fF4fq+1/aSDWJAEtnqcBolbzjmQ5d1h+5WK5VAVt50f2YmVQW/SLoYuqA4djLE",
              "name": "new-preauth-request",
              "object-name": null,
              "time-created": "2022-11-22T12:52:09.560000+00:00",
              "time-expires": "2022-11-23T00:00:00+00:00"
         }
    ]
   }


Description
-----------

Lists pre-authenticated requests for the bucket on the specified page


Command
-------

    oci os preauth-request list -bn bucket-client -ns bmcostests --page 1:n8NoRekgH6jDg0qD-jamotRiRw-vnH8EZHU02xd9bGT4jdVQUccsSF9JMZbUdEIwriDUs7uAk3XnIz2U5zoXQsQAKboLf5VkbOYfJbVRVo_hdurjKjYFdLRceICRUjwaMGFDu8-obWYIK1U2NZ0Je-GWnq6MZHd4uDk6h3cEVJ0=


Output
------

   {
    "data": [
         {
              "access-type": "AnyObjectRead",
              "bucket-listing-action": "Deny",
              "id": "h1fF4fq+1/aSDWJAEtnqcBolbzjmQ5d1h+5WK5VAVt50f2YmVQW/SLoYuqA4djLE",
              "name": "new-preauth-request",
              "object-name": null,
              "time-created": "2022-11-22T12:52:09.560000+00:00",
              "time-expires": "2022-11-23T00:00:00+00:00"
         }
    ]
   }


Description
-----------

Lists pre-authenticated requests for the bucket, with results per call
equal to specified page size


Command
-------

    oci os preauth-request list -bn bucket-client -ns bmcostests --page-size 2


Output
------

   {
    "data": [
         {
              "access-type": "AnyObjectRead",
              "bucket-listing-action": "Deny",
              "id": "Yiq0FgAlVshUPr0UJPm9p1IHzZiUZltFgDTb2Lwzgt6ykFdCFrETsvTBcgoeNpn/",
              "name": "new-preauth-request",
              "object-name": "test.txt",
              "time-created": "2022-11-22T12:53:29.527000+00:00",
              "time-expires": "2022-11-23T00:00:00+00:00"
         },
         {
              "access-type": "AnyObjectRead",
              "bucket-listing-action": "ListObjects",
              "id": "YvXG0ZKZ6G+H/nGGoyOZ8OuOJNSm3k2rjIozb47ZQ0wi6MpWkXfkC/GwmlaJLMeE",
              "name": "new-preauth-request",
              "object-name": null,
              "time-created": "2022-11-22T12:50:27.298000+00:00",
              "time-expires": "2022-11-23T00:00:00+00:00"
         },
         {
              "access-type": "AnyObjectRead",
              "bucket-listing-action": "Deny",
              "id": "h1fF4fq+1/aSDWJAEtnqcBolbzjmQ5d1h+5WK5VAVt50f2YmVQW/SLoYuqA4djLE",
              "name": "new-preauth-request",
              "object-name": null,
              "time-created": "2022-11-22T12:52:09.560000+00:00",
              "time-expires": "2022-11-23T00:00:00+00:00"
         }
    ]
   }
