"initialize-authentication"
***************************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Initializes authentication between the Data Transfer Utility and the
transfer appliance.


Usage
=====

   oci dts physical-appliance initialize-authentication [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--appliance-cert-fingerprint [text]

The transfer appliance X.509/SSL certificate fingerprint.

--appliance-ip [text]

The IP address of the transfer appliance.


Optional Parameters
===================

--access-token [text]

the access token to authenticate with the transfer appliance.

--appliance-label [text]

Appliance label.

--appliance-port [integer]

Appliance label.

--appliance-profile [text]

Appliance profile

--export-job-id [text]

Export job ocid.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--job-id [text]

Transfer job ocid.

--profile [text]

profile


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"
