"disable-external-mysql-associated-service"
*******************************************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Disable an Associated Service for an external MySQL database resource.
An Associated Service example is OPSI.


Usage
=====

   oci database-management managed-my-sql-databases external-my-sql-database disable-external-mysql-associated-service [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--connector-id [text]

OCID of the External MySQL Database connector.

--external-my-sql-database-id [text]

The OCID of the External MySQL Database.

--service-name [text]

Name of the Associated Service.

Accepted values are:

   OPERATIONS_INSIGHTS

--service-resource-id [text]

OCID of the Service Resource.


Optional Parameters
===================

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--if-match [text]

For optimistic concurrency control. In the PUT or DELETE call for a
resource, set the *if-match* parameter to the value of the etag from a
previous GET or POST response for that resource. The resource will be
updated or deleted only if the etag you provide matches the resource’s
current etag value.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export connector_id=<substitute-value-of-connector_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/database-management/managed-my-sql-databases/external-my-sql-database/disable-external-mysql-associated-service.html#cmdoption-connector-id
       export external_my_sql_database_id=<substitute-value-of-external_my_sql_database_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/database-management/managed-my-sql-databases/external-my-sql-database/disable-external-mysql-associated-service.html#cmdoption-external-my-sql-database-id
       export service_name=<substitute-value-of-service_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/database-management/managed-my-sql-databases/external-my-sql-database/disable-external-mysql-associated-service.html#cmdoption-service-name
       export service_resource_id=<substitute-value-of-service_resource_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/database-management/managed-my-sql-databases/external-my-sql-database/disable-external-mysql-associated-service.html#cmdoption-service-resource-id

       oci database-management managed-my-sql-databases external-my-sql-database disable-external-mysql-associated-service --connector-id $connector_id --external-my-sql-database-id $external_my_sql_database_id --service-name $service_name --service-resource-id $service_resource_id
