"get"
*****

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Gets details of an OPSI configuration resource. Values specified in
configItemField and configItemCustomStatus query params will be
considered, only if configItems field is requested as part of
opsiConfigField query param. Values specified in
configItemCustomStatus will determine whether only customized
configuration items or only non-customized configuration items or both
have to be returned.


Usage
=====

   oci opsi opsi-configurations get [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--opsi-configuration-id [text]

OCID of OPSI configuration resource.


Optional Parameters
===================

--config-item-custom-status [text]

Specifies whether only customized configuration items or only non-
customized configuration items or both have to be returned. By default
only customized configuration items are returned.

Accepted values are:

   customized, nonCustomized

--config-item-field [text]

Specifies the fields to return in a config item summary.

Accepted values are:

   applicableContexts, defaultValue, metadata, name, value

--config-items-applicable-context [text]

Returns the configuration items filtered by applicable contexts sent
in this param. By default configuration items of all applicable
contexts are returned.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--opsi-config-field [text]

Optional fields to return as part of OpsiConfiguration object. Unless
requested, these fields will not be returned by default.

Accepted values are:

   configItems


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export opsi_configuration_id=<substitute-value-of-opsi_configuration_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/opsi/opsi-configurations/get.html#cmdoption-opsi-configuration-id

       oci opsi opsi-configurations get --opsi-configuration-id $opsi_configuration_id
