"list-virtual-nodes"
********************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

List virtual nodes in a virtual node pool.


Usage
=====

   oci ce virtual-node-pool list-virtual-nodes [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--virtual-node-pool-id [text]

The OCID of the virtual node pool.


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--limit [integer]

For list pagination. The maximum number of results per page, or items
to return in a paginated “List” call. 1 is the minimum, 1000 is the
maximum. For important details about how pagination works, see List
Pagination.

--name [text]

The name to filter on.

--page [text]

For list pagination. The value of the *opc-next-page* response header
from the previous “List” call. For important details about how
pagination works, see List Pagination.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--sort-by [text]

The optional field to sort the results by.

Accepted values are:

   ID, NAME, TIME_CREATED

--sort-order [text]

The optional order in which to sort the results.

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy and paste the following example into a JSON file, replacing the
example parameters with your own.

       oci ce virtual-node-pool create --generate-param-json-input placement-configurations > placement-configurations.json

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/ce/cluster/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export kubernetes_version=<substitute-value-of-kubernetes_version> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/ce/cluster/create.html#cmdoption-kubernetes-version
       export name=<substitute-value-of-name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/ce/cluster/create.html#cmdoption-name
       export vcn_id=<substitute-value-of-vcn_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/ce/cluster/create.html#cmdoption-vcn-id
       export display_name=<substitute-value-of-display_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/ce/virtual-node-pool/create.html#cmdoption-display-name

       cluster_id=$(oci ce cluster create --compartment-id $compartment_id --kubernetes-version $kubernetes_version --name $name --vcn-id $vcn_id --query data.id --raw-output)

       virtual_node_pool_id=$(oci ce virtual-node-pool create --cluster-id $cluster_id --compartment-id $compartment_id --display-name $display_name --placement-configurations file://placement-configurations.json --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci ce virtual-node-pool list-virtual-nodes --virtual-node-pool-id $virtual_node_pool_id
