"create-model-artifact"
***********************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Creates model artifact for specified model.


Usage
=====

   oci data-science model create-model-artifact [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--model-artifact-file [text]

The model artifact to upload.

--model-id [text]

The OCID of the model.


Optional Parameters
===================

--content-disposition [text]

This header allows you to specify a filename during upload. This file
name is used to dispose of the file contents while downloading the
file. If this optional field is not populated in the request, then the
OCID of the model is used for the file name when downloading. Example:
*{“Content-Disposition”: “attachment”
“filename”=”model.tar.gz”            “Content-Length”: “2347”
“Content-Type”: “application/gzip”}*

--content-length [integer]

The content length of the body.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--if-match [text]

For optimistic concurrency control. In the PUT or DELETE call for a
resource, set the *if-match* parameter to the value of the etag from a
previous GET or POST response for that resource. The resource is
updated or deleted only if the *etag* you provide matches the
resource’s current *etag* value.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/data-science/project/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export model_artifact_file=<substitute-value-of-model_artifact_file> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/data-science/model/create-model-artifact.html#cmdoption-model-artifact-file

       project_id=$(oci data-science project create --compartment-id $compartment_id --query data.id --raw-output)

       model_id=$(oci data-science model create --compartment-id $compartment_id --project-id $project_id --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci data-science model create-model-artifact --model-artifact-file $model_artifact_file --model-id $model_id
