"create"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Creates a cloud VM cluster.


Usage
=====

   oci db cloud-vm-cluster create [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--backup-subnet-id [text]

The OCID of the backup network subnet associated with the cloud VM
cluster.

--cloud-exa-infra-id [text]

The OCID of the cloud Exadata infrastructure.

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment.

--cpu-core-count [integer]

The number of CPU cores to enable for a cloud VM cluster. Valid values
depend on the specified shape:

* Exadata.Base.48 - Specify a multiple of 2, from 0 to 48. -
  Exadata.Quarter1.84 - Specify a multiple of 2, from 22 to 84. -
  Exadata.Half1.168 - Specify a multiple of 4, from 44 to 168. -
  Exadata.Full1.336 - Specify a multiple of 8, from 88 to 336. -
  Exadata.Quarter2.92 - Specify a multiple of 2, from 0 to 92. -
  Exadata.Half2.184 - Specify a multiple of 4, from 0 to 184. -
  Exadata.Full2.368 - Specify a multiple of 8, from 0 to 368.

--display-name [text]

The user-friendly name for the cloud VM cluster. The name does not
need to be unique.

--gi-version [text]

A valid Oracle Grid Infrastructure (GI) software version.

--hostname [text]

The hostname for the cloud VM cluster. The hostname must begin with an
alphabetic character, and can contain alphanumeric characters and
hyphens (-). The maximum length of the hostname is 16 characters for
bare metal and virtual machine DB systems, and 12 characters for
Exadata systems.

The maximum length of the combined hostname and domain is 63
characters.

**Note:** The hostname must be unique within the subnet. If it is not
unique, the cloud VM Cluster will fail to provision.

--ssh-authorized-keys-file [filename]

A file containing one or more public SSH keys to use for SSH access to
the Cloud VM Cluster. Use a newline character to separate multiple
keys. The length of the combined keys cannot exceed 10,000 characters.

--subnet-id [text]

The OCID of the subnet associated with the cloud VM cluster.


Optional Parameters
===================

--backup-network-nsg-ids [complex type]

A list of the OCIDs of the network security groups (NSGs) that the
backup network of this DB system belongs to. Setting this to an empty
array after the list is created removes the resource from all NSGs.
For more information about NSGs, see Security Rules. Applicable only
to Exadata systems. This is a complex type whose value must be valid
JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the command line or
passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--cloud-automation-update-details [complex type]

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--cluster-name [text]

The cluster name for cloud VM cluster. The cluster name must begin
with an alphabetic character, and may contain hyphens (-). Underscores
(_) are not permitted. The cluster name can be no longer than 11
characters and is not case sensitive.

--data-collection-options [complex type]

Available options are “isDiagnosticsEventsEnabled”,
“isHealthMonitoringEnabled” and “isIncidentLogsEnabled”. Provide a
value true or false to enable or disable a particular option.

Example:

   {"isDiagnosticsEventsEnabled":true, "isHealthMonitoringEnabled":true, "isIncidentLogsEnabled":true}

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--data-storage-percentage [integer]

The percentage assigned to DATA storage (user data and database
files). The remaining percentage is assigned to RECO storage (database
redo logs, archive logs, and recovery manager backups). Accepted
values are 35, 40, 60 and 80. The default is 80 percent assigned to
DATA storage. See Storage Configuration in the Exadata documentation
for details on the impact of the configuration settings on storage.

--data-storage-size-in-tbs [text]

The data disk group size to be allocated in TBs.

--db-node-storage-size-in-gbs [integer]

The local node storage to be allocated in GBs.

--db-servers [complex type]

The list of DB servers. This is a complex type whose value must be
valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the command line
or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--defined-tags [complex type]

Defined tags for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a
namespace. For more information, see Resource Tags. This is a complex
type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a
string on the command line or passed in as a file using the
file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--domain [text]

A domain name used for the cloud VM cluster. If the Oracle-provided
internet and VCN resolver is enabled for the specified subnet, the
domain name for the subnet is used (do not provide one). Otherwise,
provide a valid DNS domain name. Hyphens (-) are not permitted.
Applies to Exadata Cloud Service instances only.

--file-system-configuration-details [complex type]

Details of the file system configuration of the VM cluster.

This option is a JSON list with items of type
FileSystemConfigurationDetail.  For documentation on
FileSystemConfigurationDetail please see our API reference: https://d
ocs.cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/database/20160918/datatypes/FileSystemC
onfigurationDetail. This is a complex type whose value must be valid
JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the command line or
passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--freeform-tags [complex type]

Free-form tags for this resource. Each tag is a simple key-value pair
with no predefined name, type, or namespace. For more information, see
Resource Tags.

Example:

   {"Department": "Finance"}

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--is-local-backup [boolean]

If true, database backup on local Exadata storage is configured for
the cloud VM cluster. If false, database backup on local Exadata
storage is not available in the cloud VM cluster.

--is-sparse-diskgroup [boolean]

If true, the sparse disk group is configured for the cloud VM cluster.
If false, the sparse disk group is not created.

--license-model [text]

The Oracle license model that applies to the cloud VM cluster. The
default is BRING_YOUR_OWN_LICENSE.

Accepted values are:

   BRING_YOUR_OWN_LICENSE, LICENSE_INCLUDED

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the resource to reach the lifecycle state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--memory-size-in-gbs [integer]

The memory to be allocated in GBs.

--nsg-ids [complex type]

The list of OCIDs for the network security groups (NSGs) to which this
resource belongs. Setting this to an empty list removes all resources
from all NSGs. For more information about NSGs, see Security Rules.
**NsgIds restrictions:** - A network security group (NSG) is optional
for Autonomous Databases with private access. The nsgIds list can be
empty. This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The
value can be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as
a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--ocpu-count [float]

The number of OCPU cores to enable for a cloud VM cluster. Only 1
decimal place is allowed for the fractional part.

--private-zone-id [text]

The private zone id in which DNS records need to be created.

--scan-listener-port-tcp [integer]

The TCP Single Client Access Name (SCAN) port. The default port is
1521.

--scan-listener-port-tcp-ssl [integer]

The TCPS Single Client Access Name (SCAN) port. The default port is
2484.

--security-attributes [complex type]

Security Attributes for this resource. Each key is predefined and
scoped to a namespace. For more information, see Resource Tags.
Example: *{“Oracle-ZPR”: {“MaxEgressCount”: {“value”: “42”, “mode”:
“audit”}}}* This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The
value can be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as
a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--subscription-id [text]

The OCID of the subscription with which resource needs to be
associated with.

--system-version [text]

Operating system version of the image.

--time-zone [text]

The time zone to use for the cloud VM cluster. For details, see Time
Zones.

--vm-cluster-type [text]

The vmcluster type for the VM cluster/Cloud VM cluster.

Accepted values are:

   DEVELOPER, REGULAR

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation creates, modifies or deletes a resource that has a
defined lifecycle state. Specify this option to perform the action and
then wait until the resource reaches a given lifecycle state. Multiple
states can be specified, returning on the first state. For example, "
--wait-for-state" SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on
whichever lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a
return code of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1
is returned.

Accepted values are:

   AVAILABLE, FAILED, MAINTENANCE_IN_PROGRESS, PROVISIONING, TERMINATED, TERMINATING, UPDATING

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the resource has
reached the lifecycle state defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to
30 seconds.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export availability_domain=<substitute-value-of-availability_domain> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/cloud-exa-infra/create.html#cmdoption-availability-domain
       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/cloud-exa-infra/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export display_name=<substitute-value-of-display_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/cloud-exa-infra/create.html#cmdoption-display-name
       export shape=<substitute-value-of-shape> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/cloud-exa-infra/create.html#cmdoption-shape
       export backup_subnet_id=<substitute-value-of-backup_subnet_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/cloud-vm-cluster/create.html#cmdoption-backup-subnet-id
       export cpu_core_count=<substitute-value-of-cpu_core_count> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/cloud-vm-cluster/create.html#cmdoption-cpu-core-count
       export gi_version=<substitute-value-of-gi_version> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/cloud-vm-cluster/create.html#cmdoption-gi-version
       export hostname=<substitute-value-of-hostname> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/cloud-vm-cluster/create.html#cmdoption-hostname
       export ssh_authorized_keys_file=<substitute-value-of-ssh_authorized_keys_file> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/cloud-vm-cluster/create.html#cmdoption-ssh-authorized-keys-file
       export subnet_id=<substitute-value-of-subnet_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/cloud-vm-cluster/create.html#cmdoption-subnet-id

       cloud_exa_infra_id=$(oci db cloud-exa-infra create --availability-domain $availability_domain --compartment-id $compartment_id --display-name $display_name --shape $shape --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci db cloud-vm-cluster create --backup-subnet-id $backup_subnet_id --cloud-exa-infra-id $cloud_exa_infra_id --compartment-id $compartment_id --cpu-core-count $cpu_core_count --display-name $display_name --gi-version $gi_version --hostname $hostname --ssh-authorized-keys-file $ssh_authorized_keys_file --subnet-id $subnet_id
