"get-update-history"
********************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Gets the maintenance update history details for the specified update
history entry. Applies to Exadata Cloud Service instances only.


Usage
=====

   oci db cloud-vm-cluster get-update-history [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--cloud-vm-cluster-id [text]

The cloud VM cluster OCID.

--update-history-entry-id [text]

The OCID of the maintenance update history entry.


Optional Parameters
===================

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export availability_domain=<substitute-value-of-availability_domain> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/cloud-exa-infra/create.html#cmdoption-availability-domain
       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/cloud-exa-infra/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export display_name=<substitute-value-of-display_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/cloud-exa-infra/create.html#cmdoption-display-name
       export shape=<substitute-value-of-shape> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/cloud-exa-infra/create.html#cmdoption-shape
       export backup_subnet_id=<substitute-value-of-backup_subnet_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/cloud-vm-cluster/create.html#cmdoption-backup-subnet-id
       export cpu_core_count=<substitute-value-of-cpu_core_count> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/cloud-vm-cluster/create.html#cmdoption-cpu-core-count
       export gi_version=<substitute-value-of-gi_version> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/cloud-vm-cluster/create.html#cmdoption-gi-version
       export hostname=<substitute-value-of-hostname> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/cloud-vm-cluster/create.html#cmdoption-hostname
       export ssh_authorized_keys_file=<substitute-value-of-ssh_authorized_keys_file> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/cloud-vm-cluster/create.html#cmdoption-ssh-authorized-keys-file
       export subnet_id=<substitute-value-of-subnet_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/cloud-vm-cluster/create.html#cmdoption-subnet-id
       export update_history_entry_id=<substitute-value-of-update_history_entry_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/cloud-vm-cluster/get-update-history.html#cmdoption-update-history-entry-id

       cloud_exa_infra_id=$(oci db cloud-exa-infra create --availability-domain $availability_domain --compartment-id $compartment_id --display-name $display_name --shape $shape --query data.id --raw-output)

       cloud_vm_cluster_id=$(oci db cloud-vm-cluster create --backup-subnet-id $backup_subnet_id --cloud-exa-infra-id $cloud_exa_infra_id --compartment-id $compartment_id --cpu-core-count $cpu_core_count --display-name $display_name --gi-version $gi_version --hostname $hostname --ssh-authorized-keys-file $ssh_authorized_keys_file --subnet-id $subnet_id --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci db cloud-vm-cluster get-update-history --cloud-vm-cluster-id $cloud_vm_cluster_id --update-history-entry-id $update_history_entry_id
