"patch"
*******

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Update a security question.

The top level –endpoint parameter must be supplied for this operation.


Usage
=====

   oci identity-domains security-question patch [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--operations [complex type]

The body of an HTTP PATCH request MUST contain the attribute
“Operations”, whose value is an array of one or more patch operations.
This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--schemas [complex type]

The schemas attribute is an array of Strings which allows
introspection of the supported schema version for a SCIM
representation as well any schema extensions supported by that
representation. Each String value must be a unique URI. All
representations of SCIM schema MUST include a non-zero value array
with value(s) of the URIs supported by that representation. Duplicate
values MUST NOT be included. Value order is not specified and MUST not
impact behavior. REQUIRED. This is a complex type whose value must be
valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the command line
or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--security-question-id [text]

ID of the resource


Optional Parameters
===================

--attribute-sets [text]

A multi-valued list of strings indicating the return type of attribute
definition. The specified set of attributes can be fetched by the
return type of the attribute. One or more values can be given together
to fetch more than one group of attributes. If ‘attributes’ query
parameter is also available, union of the two is fetched. Valid values
- all, always, never, request, default. Values are case-insensitive.

Accepted values are:

   all, always, default, never, request

--attributes [text]

A comma-delimited string that specifies the names of resource
attributes that should be returned in the response. By default, a
response that contains resource attributes contains only attributes
that are defined in the schema for that resource type as
returned=always or returned=default. An attribute that is defined as
returned=request is returned in a response only if the request
specifies its name in the value of this query parameter. If a request
specifies this query parameter, the response contains the attributes
that this query parameter specifies, as well as any attribute that is
defined as returned=always.

--authorization [text]

The Authorization field value consists of credentials containing the
authentication information of the user agent for the realm of the
resource being requested.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--if-match [text]

Used to make the request conditional on an ETag

--resource-type-schema-version [text]

An endpoint-specific schema version number to use in the Request.
Allowed version values are Earliest Version or Latest Version as
specified in each REST API endpoint description, or any sequential
number inbetween. All schema attributes/body parameters are a part of
version 1. After version 1, any attributes added or deprecated will be
tagged with the version that they were added to or deprecated in. If
no version is provided, the latest schema version is returned.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy and paste the following example into a JSON file, replacing the
example parameters with your own.

       oci identity-domains security-question create --generate-param-json-input question-text > question-text.json
       oci identity-domains security-question create --generate-param-json-input schemas > schemas.json

       oci identity-domains security-question patch --generate-param-json-input operations > operations.json
       oci identity-domains security-question patch --generate-param-json-input schemas > schemas.json

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export active=<substitute-value-of-active> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/identity-domains/security-question/create.html#cmdoption-active
       export type=<substitute-value-of-type> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/identity-domains/security-question/create.html#cmdoption-type

       security_question_id=$(oci identity-domains security-question create --active $active --question-text file://question-text.json --schemas file://schemas.json --type $type --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci identity-domains security-question patch --operations file://operations.json --schemas file://schemas.json --security-question-id $security_question_id
