"list"
******

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Lists artifacts in the specified repository.


Usage
=====

   oci artifacts generic artifact list [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment.

--repository-id [text]

A filter to return the artifacts only for the specified repository
OCID.


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--artifact-path [text]

Filter results by a prefix for the *artifactPath* and and return
artifacts that begin with the specified prefix in their path.

--artifact-version [text]

The generic artifact version.

Example:

   1.1.2

--display-name [text]

A filter to return only resources that match the given display name
exactly.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--id [text]

A filter to return the resources for the specified OCID.

--lifecycle-state [text]

A filter to return only resources that match the given lifecycle state
name exactly.

--limit [integer]

For list pagination. The maximum number of results per page, or items
to return in a paginated “List” call. For important details about how
pagination works, see List Pagination.

Example:

   50

--page [text]

For list pagination. The value of the *opc-next-page* response header
from the previous “List” call. For important details about how
pagination works, see List Pagination.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--sha256 [text]

Filter results by a specified SHA256 digest for the artifact.

--sort-by [text]

The field to sort by. You can provide one sort order (*sortOrder*).
Default order for TIMECREATED is descending. Default order for
DISPLAYNAME is ascending. The DISPLAYNAME sort order is case
sensitive.

**Note:** In general, some “List” operations (for example,
*ListInstances*) let you optionally filter by availability domain if
the scope of the resource type is within a single availability domain.
If you call one of these “List” operations without specifying an
availability domain, the resources are grouped by availability domain,
then sorted.

Accepted values are:

   DISPLAYNAME, TIMECREATED

--sort-order [text]

The sort order to use, either ascending (*ASC*) or descending
(*DESC*). The DISPLAYNAME sort order is case sensitive.

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/artifacts/repository/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export display_name=<substitute-value-of-display_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/artifacts/container/repository/create.html#cmdoption-display-name
       export is_immutable=<substitute-value-of-is_immutable> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/artifacts/repository/create.html#cmdoption-is-immutable
       export repository_type=<substitute-value-of-repository_type> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/artifacts/repository/create.html#cmdoption-repository-type

       repository_id=$(oci artifacts container repository create --compartment-id $compartment_id --display-name $display_name --query data.id --raw-output)
       repository_id=$(oci artifacts repository create --compartment-id $compartment_id --is-immutable $is_immutable --repository-type $repository_type --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci artifacts generic artifact list --compartment-id $compartment_id --repository-id $repository_id
